Yo momma so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her.
Just let people think you’re an idiot. If you say anything, you’ll just prove them right.
You're like a broken record, repeating the same mistakes over and over again.
Yo mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it says, "please step out of the car."
Your mama so ugly she was an extra in thriller.
Sorry, not sorry.
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended?
Yo momma so fat that her pictures had to be arial views!
I’m busy right now; can I ignore you another time?
Yo mama’s teeth so yellow, when she drinks water, it turns into lemonade.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she uses hair spray to clean her pet rabbit!
Yo mama so tall, she stepped over trump’s border wall.
Yo mamma so stupid she put two m&m's in her ear and said she was listening to eminem.
Yo mama so old I told her to act her age and she died.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to everyone's life.
Yo mamma's so fat her baby picture was taken by neil armstrong.
Yo mama so chatty, she gave a eulogy at her own funeral.
I'm not messy, I'm just creatively organized.
Yo momma so fat she was on her way to mcdonalds tripped over burger king and landed on wendy's.
Yo momma so stupid she tried to take snoop dogg for a walk.
Yo mama so ugly, when she took a selfie, the picture said: “censored”.
journey to the center of the earth was based on the quest to find where your head went after you shoved it up your own asshole.
Yo mama so stupid she threw a rock at the ground and missed.
Yo mama so dumb, she returned a puzzle because she thought it was broken.
Yo mama so fat she got a job at the movie theater as the screen!
Yo momma is so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everybody.
I bought you a present, it's kind of like a necklace except you can kill yourself with it.
Stop thinking everyone’s your equal. That’s offensive to a lot of people.
I can do better than you. I will do better than you.
you’re about as useful as a vibrator with no batteries.
Break a leg. No, seriously, break a leg.
I wasn’t born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
yo mama is so stupid… she thought christmas wrap was snoop dogg’s new song!
The last time I saw something like you, it was behind metal grids.
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the last supper.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
Yo mama so fat, she makes godzilla look like an action figure.
“I’ve been called worse things by better men.” (Fun fact: pierre trudeau, a canadian politician, used this clap back after learning that richard nixon had insulted him. The political shade!)
Why is there a fence around a cemetery? People are dying to get in.
I hear there’s a new app called “sense of humor.” Please download it.
Yo mama so ugly, the cdc made her keep her mask on today.
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought dunkin' donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so ugly her nickname is “damn!”
Yo momma so fat she got triabetes.
Yo mama is so dumb that she asked me what yield meant, I said "slow down" and she said "what... Does.... Yield... Mean?"
Yo mama is so dumb, where it said, "do not write here" on her application, she wrote "ok."
Yo mama so fat if she got her shoes shined, she’d have to take his word for it.
Please just tell me you don’t plan to home-school your kids.
I’m sorry, you’ve mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Don’t worry — the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
I don’t hate you, but if you were drowning, I would give you a high five.
You're so annoying.
Yo mama so old, jurassic park brings back memories.
Yo momma's so fat and old when god said, "let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
In order to insult me, I must first value your opinion. Nice try though.
Yo mama so hairy, big foot took her picture.
Yo mama’s so stupid when thieves broke into her house and stole the tv, she chased after them shouting “wait, you forgot the remote!”
There are so many paths in life. Why didn’t you choose the dark alleyway?
Yo mama so fat, when she went out in a green bikini, everyone shouted “godzilla”.
Yo mama house so small that when she orders a large pizza, she has to go outside to eat it.
Your momma is so ugly she made one direction go another direction.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
Yo momma so poor I saw her walking down the street I asked her if she lost a shoe and she said no she just found one.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears her yellow raincoat, people yell out “taxi”!
Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody.
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo momma so stupid she stood on a chair to raise her iq.
Yo momma is so fat, stephen hawkings black hole theory was based on her asshole.
Yo mamma is so fat that when she showed up to watch a sumo wrestling tournament, they gave her the trophy.
That sounds like a you problem.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Yo momma so dumb when I said, "drinks on the house," she got a ladder.
Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, and she said "moving."
You asked for my number and I said 1-800 kiss my ass.
It’s kind of hilarious watching you try to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama's so clumsy, she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo momma so stupid she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so fat, donald trump used her as the border wall.
You’re giving me the silent treatment? Finally!
no, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Your mama so old her first christmas was the first christmas.
You’d need twice the brains to qualify as a half-wit.
Yo mama so ugly, when you write her name in the death note, you kill yourself.
Oh your such a beautiful, wonderful, intelligent person... Oh I'm sorry I thought we were having a lying competition....
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, but you just gargled.
Yo mama so ugly, her pillow cries at night.
Talking to you is like stepping on a leaf in autumn and hearing no crunch- disappointment.
Yo mama so stupid if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you’d get change.
How does it feel to be the dumbest person in the world?
It would be a great day if you used a glue stick instead of chapstick.
yo mama so old, she was a waitress at the last supper.
Yo mama's so skilled, she could juggle flamingos.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to climb mountain dew!
All mistakes are fixable, yet you aren’t.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
Yo mama is like a goalie - she only changes her pads after three periods.
Yo mama so skinny when she swallowed a meatball everyone thought she was pregnant again.
Yo momma so stupid she thought high school was a school for drug addicts.
Yo momma is so fat that when she applied to be a bus driver she found out she was qualified to be the bus.
Yo mama so poor, she had to win squid games five times just to get even.
Yo mama is so fat that I had to take her photo in panorama mode.
Yo mama so stupid she thought instagram was a weed delivery service.
I'm not a morning person, I'm not an afternoon person, I'm not an evening person. I'm a coffee person.
You have the intelligence of a fence post.
Well, the jerk store called. They’re running out of you.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to in-n-out, she couldn’t get in nor out.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought call of duty was a game about pooping.
You are like a software update. Every time I see you, I immediately think “not now”.
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on walmart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama's so ugly, she made you just so she could be pretty
Yo momma's so fat, that when she rubs her thighs together, I smell bacon.
Yo mama so ugly, she made the illuminati close its eye!
Your mama so fat I tried to hang a picture of her on my wall, and my wall fell over.
Yo mama so dumb, when she got locked in a grocery store, she starved to death.
Yo mama so ugly, santa clause saw her he said, “ho, ho, holy shit.”
Yo mama so ugly that when she went to hell, the devil went to church.
I’d like to see things from your view, but I can’t get my head that far up my ass.
The 0.01% of germs are afraid of contracting stupidity from you.
Yo momma so dumb she bought a solar-powered flashlight.
Yo mama so ugly she gave freddy kruger nightmares.
When the sanitation worker came, he forgot to take you along
i’ve been called worse things by better men.
Your mum is like the sun: big, round, and hard to look at.
If you’re gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise, you’re just an ass.
Yo mama so poor, she takes the trash in.
If I had a face like yours i’d wish I was blind.
Yo mama so old, her birthday candles caused global warming.
Yo momma so fat that when she farted, the second big bang occurred.
Yo momma so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, "taxi!"
Yeah? Well, you smell like hot dog water.
Yo mama so dumb, she took her computer to the doctor because it had a virus.
Yo mama so fat, if she got her shoes shined, she’d have to take his word for it!
Your face is just fine, but we’ll have to put a bag over that personality.
your mama’s so fat cupid’s arrows couldn’t pierce her.
Yo momma's teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down!
I didn’t think it was possible to give me more reasons to hate you until today.
Yo mama's so quick, she can text you before you finish typing.
Yo momma so fat, she broke the family tree!
I applaud your effort, but I think i’m the only one in the audience. And i’m leaving early.
Yo mama so ugly she had to trick or treat over the phone.
Yo mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.
I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.
Yo momma so stupid she thought nickelback was a refund.
It would help if you sued your parents for looking like that
My friends bakery burnt down yesterday. Now his business is toast.
It's kind of sad watching you try to fit your entire vocabulary in one sentence.
Yo mama so poor she can’t even put her two cents in this conversation.
I’m cutting off toxicity from my life, and you are the prime reason
Yo mama is so bald… you can see what’s on her mind!
I wanted to live life without many regrets. Then I met you.
You're so ugly, it's not even funny.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, i’d fart.
yo mama so ugly, she made the illuminati close its eye.
Yo momma so old she still owes moses a quarter!
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says “to be continued.”
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're a failure
Let's play horse. I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
Yo mama so dumb, she failed a survey.
God made mountains, god made trees, god made you but we all make mistakes.
i’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
When a deaf person sees someone yawn do they think it’s a scream?
Yo mama is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
You deserve to be loved from a distance
yo mama so stupid, she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo momma so fat she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama so fat, when she did jumping jack, it caused seismic earthquake.
Yo momma's breath smelled so bad when she walked by a clock it said, "tic tac."
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies, how silly of me.
You’re lucky intelligence isn’t measured in negative numbers.
We are not friends, and we are not even acquaintances. Let’s not pretend like we know each other.
it’s such a beautiful day to leave me alone. Scram!
When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
Yo mama’s so poor, nigerian princes wire her money.
Of course i’m talking like an idiot… how else could you understand me?
Yo momma so fat she sat on the corner and the police came and said, “break it up!”
Yo mama so small she committed suicide by jumping off the curb.
Yo mama so ugly, she needs a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
I’d rather treat my baby’s diaper rash than have lunch with you.
Yo momma’s so old that her birth certificate was printed in roman numerals.
Yo momma’s teeth are so yellow that when she smiled at traffic, it slowed down.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
Why would you want to have babies? Don’t pass your dumb genes to an innocent child
Yo mama so ugly, when she installed an antivirus on her computer, it started deleting her photos.
I'm not saying you're dumb, but you sure do make a great practice test.
Yo momma's so old, they had to take her tampon to the natural history museum to find out what period it came from.
yo mama so fat, her belly button gets home 15 minutes before she does.
You can’t imagine how much happiness you can bring… by leaving the room.
I sure hope there’s a lifeguard in your gene pool.
Yo mama so old, she sat next to moses in third grade.
I'm not saying you're stupid, but you make the cast of jersey shore look like rocket scientists.
Yo mama so stupid she sat on the tv and watched the couch.
I will ignore you so hard you will start doubting your existence.
Yo mama so poor, when I stepped on a cigarette to put it out, she said, “hey, who turned off the heat?”
I would smack you, but i’m against animal abuse.
You’re like my fridge: always full of yourself yet offering an abundance of empty calories.
If I had a dollar for every brain you don’t have, i’d have a dollar.
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to the beach, the whales sang, "we are family!"
You have miles to go before you reach mediocre.
I thought of you today, and it pissed me off.
I typed “idiot” into google yesterday. Your picture came up.
Mirrors can’t talk, and lucky for you they can’t laugh either.
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
you're so awkward.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
If I had a face like yours, i’d sue my parents.
Yo mama so dumb, she thinks that jar jar comes with pickles pickles.
Look at the time, it’s time for you to shut the f*ck up!
How do you cope with those gaps in your teeth? Are you comfortable with walking around with a window?
Yo momma so dumb she watches "the three stooges" and takes notes.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
Yo momma so dumb she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo mama so dumb, her iq is lower than jeffy the puppet.
Yo momma’s so spoiled that she got chased by a pack of nut-sorting squirrels.
Wow, mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out. B*tch shut the f*ck up before I put all them phone calls out you made to my house when was wild'n out before nick. When you was on my d*ck and give you something to smile about.
Yo mama so strict, she wouldn’t let batman fight crime until he finished cleaning the batcave.
Yo mama so fat, when she buys a fur coat, a whole species goes extinct.
You were so happy for the negativity of your covid test, we didn’t want to spoil the happiness by telling you it was iq test.
Yo mama so small you can see her feet on her driver’s license.
yo mama is so fat… she sat on an iphone and turned it into an ipad!
your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
Your mamma so fat she uses a mattress as a maxi pad.
Learn from your parent’s mistake… use birth control.
“Spending some time” would imply i’d spend anything on your ungrateful ass.
Yo mama’s so old, her birth certificate is in roman numerals.
Yo mama so ugly, one direction went the other direction.
Yo mama so fat her cereal bowl comes with a lifeguard.
Yo mama so fat, even kirby can’t eat her.
somebody stole my microsoft office and they're going to pay - you have my word.
Yo mama's so fat, when she fell I didn't laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up
Did you hear about the baguette at the zoo? It was bread in captivity.
yo mama so old they moved her out of the retirement home and in to the museum.
Jesus might love you, but everyone else definitely thinks you’re an idiot.
There’s someone for everyone, and the person for you is a psychiatrist.
I would call you an idiot, but it would be an insult for stupid people.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
Yo momma so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped your grandma!
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
Did god make you with his eyes closed?
You’re so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
Yo momma is so fat she sat on the rainbow and skittles came out.
Yo mama so fat, when she sat on the ipod, she made the ipad!
You’re never too old to make friends with stupid
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones.
Abracadabra! Nope, you’re still a b*tch.
Every yo momma joke has been done thousands of times, by thousands of people. Kinda like yo momma.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her easter was around the corner, she went and looked for it.
If you were any stupider, I would have to water you twice a week.
A glowstick has a brighter future than you. Lasts longer in bed, too.
Yo mama so stupid she threw baseballs at batman.
Yo mama so fat when I climbed on top of her my ears popped.
Your mama so small she doesn’t roll dice, she pushes them.
You're as useless as rubber lips on a woodpecker.
You are what happens when women drink during pregnancy.
I’m smart, and I know you’re only benefitting from my wealth of knowledge
Yo mama is so old that she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Yo mama so fast, when she plays super mario run, it’s called super mario runs super fast.
N’sync said it best: “bye, bye, bye.”
Who asked?
Your momma so fat her school picture was taken by a satellite.
Your momma so ugly when she looked out of the window she got arrested for mooning.
Yo momma's so fat, she only knows 3 letters of the alphabet: kfc.
Yo momma's so stupid she thought taco bell was the mexican phone company.
The only thing offending me is your face.
Yo mama is so stupid that that she tried to put m&m's in alphabetical order!
Yo mama so fat the only reason she took algebra in high school was because she heard there was gonna be some pi.
If I wanted to kill myself i’d climb your ego and jump to your iq.
Oh my god it spoke!!!!
Yo mama so poor a tornado hit your house and did 10,000 dollars worth of improvement.
Yo mama is so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
Yo momma so stupid the zombies walked past her because they didn’t smell any brains.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
Yo mama so ugly most snapchat filters make her better looking.
Yo mama so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
You should come with a warning label.
You sound reasonable... Time to up my medication.
Somebody else is doing the driving for that boy!
Yo mama so ugly she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
I can’t insult you. The universe has already helped by making you look like that
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Is it bad I want to throw my kids away?
yo momma so fat, her blood type is gravy.
I'm not a quitter, I'm just taking a break from winning.
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
Yo mama so tall, when she walks the catwalk, she hit the ceiling.
Yo mama so old, her first pet was from jurassic park.
Yo mama so tall, godzilla was her pet lizard.
You must've been born on a highway, that's where most accidents happen.
Yo mama so hairy, the only language she speaks is wookie.
Yo mama so tall, not even a rocket can fly up to her.
What you lack in intelligence, you more than make up for in stupidity.
Yo mama so big, when she talks to herself it’s a long-distance call.
Yo mama so old that when I took a picture of her it came out black and white.
Yo momma so slow, it took her 9 months to make a joke.
Yo mama so dumb, she put an ipad in a blender to make apple juice.
Yo momma so poor her t.v. Only has two channels: on and off.
My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Yo mamas so fat she fell over, broke her leg, and gravy poured out
Where is your off button?
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
Yo mama so poor the only time she gets a shower is when it rains.
I feel bad for you.
Seriously, your mouth is so foul! Should I offer you a tic-tac or a toilet paper?
My headaches left immediately I left your presence
Yo mama so tall, when giant man saw her, he thought he was ant-man.
Yo momma’s so short that she can see the past.
Yo mama so short, ant-man thought she was an ant.
Don’t feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
Yo mama so dumb, when she heard about cookies on the internet, she ate her computer.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Yo mama so stupid she took her computer to the doctor because it had a virus.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
you need a kiss...on the neck...from a crocodile.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to buy drugs on the highway.
Yo mama so short, she hooks up with legos.
Your momma's so stupid when my car ran out of gas she came over and farted in the tank.
Three years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf. I haven't heard from him since.
Brains aren't everything. In your case, they're nothing.
Yo momma’s so american that she sued mcdonald’s for selling french fries.
Yo mama so fat, she has her own zip code.
Yo momma so fat she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
Your mama so fat when she did a push up earth went down.
Yo mama so dumb, she went out for drinks with bill cosby.
The only person falling for you is blind.
Did you trade in your neck for another chin?
I’m not arguing. I’m simply explaining why i’m right.
Yo mamma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama so hairy when I hugged her I got a rug burn.
If I wanted a b*tch, I would have purchased a dog.
Yo mama so ugly, when she goes to the dentist, they make her lay face down.
Yo momma so fat when she sat on her ipod she made the ipad.
Go ahead and tell me everything you know. I’ve got a spare ten seconds.
Are you talking to me? I thought you only talk behind my back.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
There’s no need to repeat yourself. I ignored you the first time.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, her reflection ducks.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.
I heard a kid tell one of his classmates that they ‘smell like hot dog water,'
Yo momma so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
Yo mama so fast, her running water is turbo water.
Did I invite you to the barbecue? Then why are you all up in my grill?
Yo mama so hairy, people wonder why she wears a fur coat to a nude beach.
I heard you went to a haunted house and they offered you a job.
Your mama is so ugly even the tide won't take her out.
Yo momma is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
What are you gonna do, strawberry lemonade?
You're not pretty enough to be this stupid.
Yo mama so poor her face is on the front of the food stamp card.
Yo mama so old the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
Yo mama so ugly every time she walks by the toilet it flushes.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it works.
Mind if I ask where the off button for your mouth is?
Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people think she is backing up.
Some people bring joy wherever they go. You bring joy whenever you go.
Yo mama so poor when I went over to her house for dinner and grabbed a paper plate, she said “don’t use the good china!”
Child, i’ve forgotten more than you ever knew.
Your wig is slipping, and so are your senses.
Yo mama's so fat, her belly button gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo momma so dumb, she got fired from the m & m factory for throwing away all the w's.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
There’s only one problem with your face… I can see it.
I’m not insulting you. I’m describing you.
Yo mamma is so fat, bill gates became broke after buying her dinner.
Yo mama so tall, mount everest was her pet rock.
Yo momma so old, when she was born, the dead sea was just getting sick!
Yo mama so fat the horse on her polo shirt is real.
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money.
Yo mama so fat, when dracula sucked her blood, he got diabetes.
Row, row, row your boat gently down a raging fucking waterfall.
Yo momma’s so tall that she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo mama so cool, she made the sun freeze.
Yo momma so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the cameras.
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Yo mama so literal, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said, “concentrate.”
If you’re waiting for me to care, you better pack a lunch. It’s going to be a while.
I’m glad to see you’re not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
Yo mama is so stupid she came over to my house and shouted in my mailbox to leave me voicemail.
Yo momma's so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You hear that? It’s the sound of me not caring.
The amount of meaningful things you’ve done in your life wouldn’t be enough to fill a single page.
Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks.
I would make a joke about your mother, but I am hindu, and cows are sacred to us.
Yo mama’s so fat, she was overthrown by a small militia group, and now she’s known as the republic of yo mama.
If they ask for a dr. On board, you should whip out your math degree and start solving for resuscitation
I get so emotional when you’re not around. The emotion is happiness, by the way.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Yo mamma is so stupid, she stopped her car at a stop sign and she's still waiting for it to turn green.
you have such a beautiful face… but let’s put a bag over that personality.
Yo mama so hairy, when she posted her s*x tape online it got flagged for bestiality.
Yo mama so talented, she could win "the voice" without singing a note.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought nickelback was a refund.
yo mama so american, she didn’t let her kids play with toys made in china.
Yo mama so fat, her farts cause global warming.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on an iphone it turned into an ipad.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
Yo mama so sus, when she wore glasses, people shouted: “imposter.”
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an all-you-can-eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo momma’s so old that when she was in school, there was no history class.
Yo mama so strict, when she played gta v, she arrested everybody.
Yo momma so dumb she had to call the operator to get the number for 911!
Yo mama so ugly, forever alone guy denied her friend request.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her head to makeup her mind.
Yo momma so fat when she registered for myspace there was no space left.
Yo mama's an excessively faultfinding person
Oh I'm sorry I didn't get that, I don't speak idiot.
Yo mama so ugly, she has a sign in her garden saying, ‘beware of the dog!’
Yo mama so fat, when I saw her on tinder, swiped left and she was still on the screen.
What is wrong with you? Have you had too many drugs in mental hospital today?
Yo mama so fat when she played candyland she ate the board game.
Yo momma so fat she added a profile picture to her facebook and it's still loading.
Yo mama so ugly, when she stared at the sun, it went blind
There’s only one problem with your face… I can see it.
Yo momma so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said, "sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so short, she pole dances on a candy cane.
You got 97 because that was all you could get, and I got 100 because that was all there was to get.
You look like a before picture.
You're more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel
Anyone who ever said they loved you lied.
Want a joke? Get a mirror!
yo mama so tall, even titans can look up her skirt.
Yo mama so fat she occupies wall street all by herself.
If I am ever drunk, you'll be damn good looking.
Yo momma so old she was a crossing guard for when moses parted the red sea.
I can tell when you’re lying. Your lips are moving.
Yo mama so stupid when she heard that 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved.
Come again when you can’t stay as long.
Yo mama so fat, she uses the highway as a slip and slide.
Yo momma so ugly if ugly were bricks, she would be her own project.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Yo mama's so fat, she has to grease her hands to put them in her pockets.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.
Yo mama so skinny, when she was asked to break a leg on stage, she broke her legs.
Yo mama so small she got ran over by a hot wheel.
Yo momma's so fat, she has more rolls than a bakery.
You are the reason why god is not talking to us anymore.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped into a pool, nasa found water on mars.
You’re giving me the douchebumps.
Yo mama is so poor she waves a popsicle around for air conditioning.
I am returning your nose. I found it in my business.
Yo mama so strict, she put godzilla and king kong in timeout for fighting.
I knew that it could only be you. Nonsense follows you.
Yo mamma is so stupid, it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mama so ugly, she made the illuminati close its eye.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were an expert on everything.
Yo mama so fat, she fell in love and broke it.
god made mountains, god made trees, god made you but we all make mistakes.
your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles.
Yo mama so fat, when she died, not even her ghost could float.
I'm not a people pleaser, I'm just genuinely nice.
yo momma’s so poor that she can’t afford to pay attention.
Yo momma so fat she eats wheat thicks.
Yo momma so fat, she jumped in the pool and they found water on mars.
Yo mama so fat, one punch man had to punch twice.
Yo momma's got a wooden leg with a real foot.
Yo momma's so fat, the hogwarts sorting hat put her in all 4 houses!
Awww...it’s cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
I’ve seen people like you before, but last time I had to pay an admission.
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bathroom, she scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your mama is so stupid she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo mama so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet
Yo mama so nasty, even dogs won’t sniff her crotch.
Your mama is so ugly that when I told her to do the robot, r2-d2 got herpes.
Douchebag say whaaaat?
Yo mama is so fat that when she talks to herself, it’s a long distance call.
Yo mama's so old she used to babysit jesus.
A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it.
Yo mama so short, she hang glides on a dorito!
Yo mama so stupid, the zombies walked past her because they didn’t smell any brains.
I tried to put myself in your shoes, but they were cheap and ugly just like you.
Yo mama so fat she was diagnosed with flesh eating bacteria and the doctors gave her 87 years to live.
Yo momma’s so ugly that she scares blind people.
you're so boring.
Yo momma so fat she stood in front of the hollywood sign and it just said h d.
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Me neither.
Yo mama so old, she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a phone up her butt and thought she was making a booty call!
Yo mama so dumb, she puts lipstick on her forehead to make-up her mind.
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
Yo mama so canadian, when she got robbed, she helped them.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Right where you left it.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
I couldn’t warm to you if you were on fire.
Yo mama so old when god said “let there be light”, she turned on the switch.
you are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
my dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
Yo mama is so skinny that if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
Yo mama so poor she can’t afford a free sample.
I'm not pessimistic, I'm just a realist with a dark sense of humor.
Yo mama so stupid, she put a paper on the tv and called it paper view.
Yo momma is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama's so old she has a separate entrance for black dicks!
I don’t understand your specific kind of ‘stupidity,’ but I do admire your total commitment to it.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
Yo mama is so old that the key on ben franklin's kite was to her apartment.
Yo mama’s teeth are so yellow, when she smiles, she puts the sun out of business.
You don’t need some beauty sleep, you need to hibernate.
Yo momma's so fat, when she tripped in ohio, tokyo had an aftershock.
Yo mama is so tall that she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Your mouth should be as silent as the ‘p’ in psychology
Face like a bag of spanners.
You have more faces than mount rushmore.
yo mama so fat, when she go camping, the bears have to put their food in a tree.
Yo momma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a bluetooth.
Your face is very becoming... Becoming more and more ugly every time I see it.
I'm not crazy, I'm just creatively eccentric.
You’ve got a face like a bag of elbows.
You’re my favorite person... Besides every other person i’ve ever met.
There are some remarkably dumb people in this world. Thanks for helping me understand that.
Yo mama so short, she drives hot wheels.
Yo mama so old, her first christmas was the first christmas.
Yo mama's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
I hope your day becomes filled with people like you.
Yo mama so old, her breast milk is powder.
Yo mamma is so ugly, when she brought a pig into walmart, the manager said, "get that pig out of here," and the pig said, "sorry, it won't happen again!"
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
Yo mama so organized, her spice rack is alphabetized.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Yo mama's so old, she knew burger king when he was still a prince!
Yo mama so fat, she goes to the car wash to take showers.
You're like a library book, checked out too many times and never returned.
How awful. I was just imagining the day of your birth in my head.
Ur mom gay
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
yo mama's like school at 3 o'clock... Children keep coming out and nobody can remember all the fathers.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Yo momma’s so american that her birthday song is the national anthem.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
You are a cockalorum
I don’t think about you at all.
Yo momma's so fat, she has her own zip code 900daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn.
Even rats pay rent. You’ve outstayed your welcome.
Yo momma so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
I would like to leave you with one thought, but i’m not sure if you have anywhere to store it in.
Yo mama so old, her memory is in black and white.
I hope you step on a lego.
I’d be happy to hear from you if you were actually important.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Why was the picture sent to jail? It was framed.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
I'm not a quitter, I'm just taking an extended break.
Yo mama so talented, she can make a trombone sound like a violin.
yo mama so stupid she made an appointment with dr. Pepper.
is your face always this symmetrical or did you just get lucky today?
Wow, your maker really didn’t waste time giving you a personality, huh?
Wow, it's amazing how much you don't know about anything.
Yo momma’s so clumsy that she tripped over a wireless network.
I see no evil, and I definitely don’t hear your evil.
Serial killers would run mad if they tried to make you a victim.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Yo mama so stupid, when she sat on a rainbow, she made skittles.
Yo mama so ugly, freddy and his friends hide from her.
Yo momma so ugly she’s the reason e.t. Went home.
Yo momma’s glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map, she can see people waving.
Yo mama’s glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her.
Yo momma so ugly that when she played mortal kombat instead of scorpion saying, "get over here!" He said, "stay over there!"
Everyone has purpose in this life, yours is to become an organ donor.
Yo mama so ugly, bob the builder said: “i can’t fix that.”
Yo momma is so fat it took nationwide 2 years to get on her side.
When I listen to you, I think you really going to go far. I hope you stay there.
Yo momma so ugly when she bought a new car it transformed and ran away.
If I agreed with you, we’d both be wrong.
Yo momma so ugly, her face is closed on weekends!
Yo momma so fat, when she talks to herself, it's a long distance call!
Yo momma's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Yo momma so fat she wore a sign that said "caution: wide turns!"
I may love to shop but i’m not buying your bull.
Yo momma so fat she's got her own area code!
You are the reason why there are instructions on shampoo bottles.
Yo mama so ugly the walkers from the walking dead refuse to eat her.
What have you got going on for you? You’re not pretty enough to be this foolish
Your momma is so old when her breast milk comes out it's powder.
Yo mama so poor she can’t even pay attention.
yo mama so old jurassic park brought back memories.
You hit the nail right on the head. Too bad your parents took it literally.
Yo mama so stupid she went to the beach to surf the internet.
I’d spell it out for you, but that’s assuming you know your abc’s
Yo momma is so black she makes akon look like casper.
yo mama so fat when dracula sucked her blood he got diabetes.
yo momma’s so bald that you can see what’s on her mind.
Yo mama so small even when she smokes weed she can’t get high.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was speaking to a wall.
Yo mama so fat, darth vader couldn’t even force choke her.
Yo' mom is so poor she goes to kfc to lick other peoples fingers.
I think you just need a high five… in the face… with a chair.
Yo momma's so old, she was told to act her own age, and she died.
Yo momma so old she remembers fifty cent when he was a penny.
Yo mama so stupid she thought a serial killer was trying to kill her cereal.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example
Yo mama so fat, a picture of her would fall off the wall!
Someone stole my mood ring yesterday. I still don’t know how I feel about that.
yo mama so fat she broke the family tree.
Yo momma is so ugly she didn't get hit with just the ugly stick; she got hit with the whole tree.
Yo mama so tall, when she wears a spider costume, people thought it was dj music man!
Yo mama so fat the cops use her as a road block.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
Keep talking...i’m diagnosing you.
Yo mama so dirty, she jumped in a river and created a mud slide!
Yo momma's arm-pits stink so bad she made right guard turn to left.
Yo mama so rich, she bought every nft in the world!
You make the guys on jackass look like einstein.....
Yo mama so ugly she went to the salon and it took 3 hours just to get an estimate.
I'm not sure what's lower, your iq or your self-esteem.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought that starbucks was alien currency.
What has three letters and starts with gas. A car.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Yo mama so hairy she stars in donkey kong games.
You're gay.
Just remember - you never really completely useless, you can always serve as a bad example.
yo mama so smart, she knows things not even google knows.
Yo mama so italian, her blood type is tomato sauce.
Yo mama so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo momma’s so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours – for a quote!
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank they turn off the security cameras.
Yo mama so ugly minecraft creepers are afraid of her.
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But i’ll keep trying
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to the movie theater she sat next to everybody.
May both sides of your pillow be uncomfortably warm.
Yo mama so old her birthday candles cause global warming.
Yo momma so fat, she was born on the 4th, 5th and 6th of march.
Yo momma is so poor... She can't afford to pay attention!
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
What did you want to be when you grew up? A pain in the ass?
Yo momma’s so strict that she wants you home before, during, and after dark.
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once, but you… you are abusing that privilege.
Yo mama so old, her first cruise was on noah’s ark.
Yo mama so fat, every time she turns around it’s her birthday.
Yo momma's so ugly, they filmed "gorillas in the mist" in her shower.
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies! How silly of me.
It’s better to let someone think you’re stupid than open your mouth and prove it.
Yo mama's so hairy, bigfoot takes pictures of her.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
Yo momma’s such a pathological liar that she tells the truth every fool’s day.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Yo mommas like a shotgun: two cocks and she blows.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
Yo momma so hairy she shaves with a weed wacker.
Your kid is so annoying, he makes his happy meal cry.
your kids need to be returned to where they came from
Yo momma so fat she can’t fit in any timeline.
Yo mama so old, she pre-ordered the bible.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought kfc was ufc for chickens.
Yo mama's so old, her birth certificate says "expired."
You have two brains cells, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
yo mama so fat she fed an entire zombie apocalypse.
Even if you married, you’d still be single
Yo mama so hairy, when she auditioned for planet of the apes, they made her pack leader.
Yo momma is so dirty she is like a chicken coop because cocks fly in and out all day.
Yo momma so fat she has her own ozone layer.
Yo mama so ugly she looked in the mirror and the mirror said, "hell no, I ain't reflecting that!"
Yo mama so fat she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
I'm not dramatic, I'm just expressing my emotions with flair.
Your mama so poor she takes the trash in.
Hey dog breath, if I throw a stick will you go away?
Yo momma's so bald, the psychic hotline only charges her half price to read her mind!
You couldn’t handle me even if I came with instructions.
You’re the reason they invented double doors.
Yo momma so poor I saw her banging on a trash can and when I asked her what she was doing, she said her kids locked her out.
It’s too bad stupidity isn’t painful.
Remember, if anyone says you’re beautiful, it’s all lies
If you’re going to be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you’re just an ass.
Yo mama so poor, she eats cereal with a fork to save milk.
Has anyone ever tried to smack some sense into you? Allow me to be the first one.
Yo momma so stupid she stays up all night trying to catch some sleep.
Yo mamma is so fat she walked past the tv and I missed 3 episodes.
Yo mama so old when she was born, the dead sea was just getting sick.
I’d love to kill you with kindness, but all I have is this chainsaw.
I’ve been told to make friends with dumb people. I’m glad you’re mine
yo mama's so slow, she studied for a blood test.
I'm not opinionated, I'm just not afraid to speak the truth.
I’d hate to come across a universe where you’re funny.
Yo mamma so fat, the flash couldn't even run around her
You smell like drama and headache. Please stay away from me!
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes. Myself for example.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought roblox was rob blocks.
You're not the brightest star in the sky, but you're still a star.
I'm not a know-it-all, I'm just well-informed.
What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on a quarter a booger came out of george washington's nose.
Yo momma so stupid she thought a light saber had less calories.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
Yo mamma so short when she tried to smoke weed she couldn't get high.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Since narcissistic is such a big word for you, how about asshole? You know what an asshole is, right?
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles.
Yo mamma so dumb she returned a puzzle for being broken
Yo mama so big she got hit by a bus and said, "hey, who threw a rock at me?"
Don’t you get tired of putting makeup on your two faces every morning?
I really enjoy the silence of your company. Can you stop talking more often?
Was anyone else hurt in the accident that did this to you?
Yo momma so ugly, her mother had to feed her with a sling shot.
Yo mama so ugly I put her face on a carton of milk and it spoiled.
Yo mama so hairy, she stars in tarzan films.
Yo momma's so fat, she played the role of the boulder in the first indiana jones movie.
Your face makes onions cry.
Yo momma so ugly they changed halloween to yomamaween.
Yo momma is so fat she sat on a dollar and when she got up there was 4 quarters.
I wouldn’t pee in your ear if your brain was on fire.
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and still is late to work.
A gross guy at a bar blurted out ‘what are you?’ Referring to my ethnic ambiguity
Yo mama so old she went to an antique store and they wouldn’t let her leave.
Yo momma so old, she farts dust!
I'm not saying you're stupid, I'm just saying you have bad luck when it comes to thinking.
When I look at you, I wish I could meet you again for the first time… and walk past.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
Yo momma so fat that even dora couldn’t explore her.
Yo mama is so old that her memory is in black and white.
You must have a map because you keep getting lost in your own thoughts.
Jo momma so does she doesn't know joseph mama
Yo mama so skinny, her blood type is water.
Yo mama is so stupid when the judge said, order! Order!" She said, "fries and coke please."
Yo momma's so fat, when we asked her what her hometown is, she said, "buffet."
Yo mama so strict, she wants you home before, during, and after dark.
I'm not short, I'm fun-sized.
If I threw a stick, you’d leave, right?
You're thick as dog crap and only half as useful.
Yo mama so dumb she thought a quarterback was a refund
You’ve got a face that could turn fresh milk sour.
Yo mama so ugly, her portraits hang themselves
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says expired on it.
I know I make stupid choices, but you’re the worst of all my choices
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
Yo mama so poor when she gets mad she can’t afford to fly off the handle so she has to greyhound off the handle.
Yo mama is so hairy she shaves with a weed-whacker.
Yo mama so skinny, she chops onions with her fingers.
Yo mama is so ugly… she’s the reason blind dates were invented!
Yo mamma so ugly she is the reason waldo is hiding.
Yo momma so fat we're in her right now!
I would like some tips on how to clear my mind from someone with nothing meaningful to contribute. Care to help?
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, "I got the power!"
If I want any shit outta you I'll squeeze your head.
So if I typed ‘idiot’ into google image search, would your picture come up?
I don't know what makes you stupid, but it really works!
Keep rolling your eyes, maybe you’ll find a brain back there.
If I had a face like yours i’d sue my parents.
Yo mama so poor, she went to kfc to lick people’s fingers.
Yo momma so fat she jumped off the grand canyon and got stuck.
You’re not simply a drama queen. You’re the whole royal family.
Yo mama is so skinny… when she wears skinny jeans, they look like bell-bottoms!
Yo mama so stupid, she buys goldfish crackers to put them in water.
yo momma's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo mamma's so ugly, when her house was being robbed, the mugger took off his mask and made her wear it.
Jesus loves you… but everyone else thinks you’re an asshole.
You mama so stupid she put paper on the tv and called it paper view.
Yo mama is so stupid that she called the 7-11 to see when they closed.
Yo momma so fat she wakes up in sections!
You suck!
Yo mama so ugly they invented covid just to get her to wear a mask.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Yo momma's so cross-eyed, she went to a movie and thought it was a double feature.
You're such a basic bitch.
Yo mama so dumb, when the doctor told her to burn some calories, she set a fat person on fire.
what’s the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Oh my god, look at the state of you! Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and a&e made a documentary that saved your life.
You can be anything you want…except good looking.
You do know you’d cause a crying spree if you went to a nursery
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
Yo momma is so stupid... She sold her car for gas money.
Sorry for the mean, awful accurate things I said.
Every time I think of all the people that haven’t met you, I get jealous.
Yo mama so old, her favorite movie was 1917.
Yo momma is so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
How can get an education and not get any educational experience
Yo mama so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs.
And by ‘k.’ I meant ‘f*ck you!’
Yo mama so stupid, she thought instagram was a weed delivery service.
Yo mama's so generous, she gives high-fives for free.
I'm not a picky eater, I'm just a culinary connoisseur.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
Yo momma is so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!
*Thumbs down*
Listen to your doubts. I think they’re onto something.
Well your day was a total waste of makeup.
Yo momma's so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
Yo mama is so ugly… she looks like she has been bobbing for apples in hot grease!
Yo mama's teeth so yellow, I can't believe its not butter.
Every cloud has a silver lining. I’m still trying to figure out yours.
Yo momma so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
I've been called worse by better.
you should introduce your upper lip to your lower lip sometime and shut up!
Yo mama so short, she became ant man’s sidekick.
I'd slap you, but that'd be animal abuse.
Failure!
Yo mama so hairy, that she shaves with a weed wacker.
Yo momma's so old, her first car was a model t-rex.
Yo momma so fat when she dies in call of duty, the player gets the five-person kill streak.
If I had a face like yours, i’d teach my ass to talk.
Is part 2 of your argument coming out soon or is that it?
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But i’ll keep trying.
Yo mama so hairy people think she’s an ewok.
Yo mama so small she has to wear a torn napkin as a dress.
Yo momma so fat, her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard!
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped your grandma!
The song “army of one” is an ode to your loneliness.
Yo mama so fat, she broke the family tree.
Yo mama is so stupid that she sent me a fax with a stamp on it.
Yo mama's so confident, she could audition for "america's next top model" blindfolded.
Since you know it all, you should know when to shut up.
Go back to preschool
Yo mama so ugly she made the joker stop laughing.
Yo mama so fat when she cuts she bleeds gravy.
I reprimanded my son for mimicking you. I told him not to act like a fool.
Yo momma's so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
Thieves have stolen 20 crates of red bull from the supermarket. I don't know how these people sleep at night.
Yo mama so fat, when she made a ps5 account the entire network crashed.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went to the dentist they told her to lay face down
You're so ugly, when you look in the mirror your reflection looks away.
I would love to insult you, but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
You know, all the makeup and the clothes can’t change what an ugly person you really are.
Yo mamma so fat she influences the tides.
I don’t have any trash to take out today, but I volunteer you as tribute.
yo momma’s so fat she’s miley cyrus’ wrecking ball.
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last christmas and it's still printing.
Let’s get off of mothers, man… I just got off of yours.
Your a dork and you know what a dork is.... Its a whales dick which means you're the biggest dork/dick in the world.....
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
My dog is a genius... I asked him what is two minus two, he said nothing.
you forgot to pay his brain bill you retard.
Yo mama so ugly, she made the illuminati close its eye.
Yo mama so hairy, they filmed the national geographic in her bathroom.
Were you born on the highway? That is where most accidents happen.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... Like a coma.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Yo momma’s so dumb that she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Your brain is working overtime today. You better pay it extra.
You bring everyone so much joy! You know, when you leave the room. But, still.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
I'm not forgetful, I'm just creatively prioritizing my to-do list.
Yo mama's so dumb, she got fired from the m&m factory for throwing out the w's.
Yo momma so stupid she went to the dentist to get her bluetooth fixed.
Yo mama so small she can hang glide on a dorito.
Don’t worry. Everyone makes mistakes. Your parents, for one.
Earth is full. Go home.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
I’m not bossy. I just know what you should be doing.
Yo mama so fat she’s a map on call of duty.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought seaweed was something that fish smoke.
Yo mama so old, she knew burger king when he was just a prince.
Yo mama so fat, naruto couldn’t make enough shadow clones to surround her.
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
Yo mama’s cooking so bad, the homeless give it back.
Yo momma’s eyes are so big that she can see into the future.
I'm not trying to insult you, I'm just trying to describe you.
Yo momma so fat, she rolled over in bed and burnt her ass on the lightbulb
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to surf goku’s kamehameha wave.
yo mama's so clever, she got an "a" on her covid test.
You have a face not even a mother could love....
I’m not going to repeat myself, but i’m also glad to do anything that prevents you from talking.
Yo mama so stupid, she couldn’t read an audiobook.
If I typed ‘stupid’ in google, your name would pop up
Oh this is coming from the one who fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down?
Yo mama's so fat she bends light!
When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, “i’m very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.”
Isn’t there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?
Did you forget to take your medication today?
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money.
Yo mama's so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
I would slap you but sh*t splatters, and that would be too much of a mess.
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bank they asked her to put on a ski mask.
Yo mama so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Are you at a loss for words, or did you exhaust your entire vocabulary?
The only thing I don’t like about you is that constant inhaling and exhaling habit you have.
Yo mama is so short… she can use a sock for a sleeping bag!
Yo mama so kind, she'd give you the scarf off her head when you're cold.
Yo mama so clumsy, she makes humpty dumpty look like a gymnast.
Yo momma so stupid she brought a spoon to the superbowl.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
that's not what your mom said last night!!
Yo momma’s so stupid that when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn’t find the “call” button.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
halloween is over now, you can take your mask off
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull
Yo mama so ugly, she makes blind kids cry.
Yo mama so fat she has her own zip code.
Yo momma’s so old that her social security number is 1!
Do you see the light at the end of the tunnel? Your presence keeps covering it up
You're like a busted can of biscuits, nothing good inside.
You're so ugly hello kitty said goodbye to you.
I’m an acquired taste. If you don’t like me, acquire some taste.
You don't even need to search for new jokes, you are one!
Yo mama so poor, she waves around a popsicle and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mama so fat she has to weigh herself on the richter scale.
Don’t get bitter, just get better.
Yo mama so fat she puts on a black bathing suit and gets in the ocean, everyone screams “oil spill!”
you look like something i’d draw with my left hand.
If you were on fire and I had water, i’d drink it.
I bet your brain feels good as new, seeing that you’ve never used it.
yo mama’s head so big, she dreams in imax.
I'm not clumsy, I'm just dancing with gravity.
I think I would like a job cleaning mirrors, it's just something I could really see myself doing.
Yo mama is so poor that she lives in a two story dorrito bag with a dog named chip.
Yo mama so dumb, she uses old spice body wash to cook.
I treasure the time I don’t spend with you.
Yo mama so short, she bakes cookies with keebler elves.
Yo mama so fat, when she jumped into a pool, nasa found water on mars.
yo mama so fat she can’t reach her back pocket.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a doughnut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so small she travels on a toy train.
Your mama so stupid she thought starbucks was alien currency.
They say our brains don’t stop developing until we reach 25; looks like yours stopped a bit early.
Yo mama so dark when I clicked on her profile pic, I thought my phone died.
Yo momma so fat when she goes to a restaurant she doesn’t get a menu, she gets an estimate.
Yo mama's so dumb that rebecca black taught her the days of the week.
Does everyone visualize duct tape over your mouth so early into the conversation?
Have a nice day, somewhere else.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I don’t remember asking for your opinion.
Yo mama so strong, the madrigals thought she was louisa.
I'm not unorganized, I'm just embracing the chaos.
Your only purpose in life is as an organ donor.
You’re not as dumb as you look. I mean, how could you be?
Yo momma's so fat she puts a cup of water in the bathtub and it still overflows!
Yo mama so short, she was a mouse’s pet.
Yo mama so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so fat, she thought squid game was a sushi eating competition.
Yo mama so ugly even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly that when she tried to become a model they said, “the hospital’s that way.”
It got a little chillier in here once I realized you were a cold-hearted bitch.
Yo mama's so stupid, she tripped over a wireless network.
What the f*ck you stop for dummy. If you slew some crack, you'd make a lot more money then you do from rap.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
I’m not insulting you, i’m describing you.
Hey, at least a little makeup can fix this. Although, I don't think I can say the same for you. Nothing can fix that attitude!
I’m sorry you got offended that one time you were treated the exact way you treat everyone all the time.
Yo mama so stupid she stopped at a stop sign and waited all day for it to say go.
Yo mama so fat, steven hawking based his black hole theory on her a**hole.
Yo mama so fat, when she got hit by a bus she asked, “who threw that rock?”
Yo mama's so short, she needs a ladder to pick up a dime.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
Don’t worry about me. Worry about your eyebrows.
Yo momma's so fat, she wore a red sweater and everyone thought she was the kool-aid man.
I can't imagine what qualities you may have that would compensate for your behavior in public.
Yo mama so hairy, chewbacca fell in love with her.
Some people hatch into beautiful butterflies. Some people hatch into whatever the hell you are.
Last week’s test was on shapes and colors, but it appears like you might have to revisit that after today’s conversation.
Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
You're like monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Whoever told you to be yourself simply couldn’t have given you worse advice.
I can only please one person a day. Today isn’t your day. Tomorrow isn’t looking good either.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, frankenstein was ugly too.
do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
You're the kind of person who could trip over a cordless phone.
I don't know what your problem is, but I bet it's hard to pronounce
Yo mama so small she can sit on a penny and swing her legs.
Yo momma so old she babysat adam and eve.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Your mom!
Yo mama so ugly the last time I saw anything like her face, I pinned the tail on it.
You have such a beautiful face… but let’s put a bag over that personality.
Yo mama's so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
Hey your village called they want you back by 6!
Yo momma's so fat, when she uses the keyboard she presses every key at once!
I'm not scatterbrained, I'm just multitasking on a different level.
How come I always wear these clothes? How come you always wear that mask?
thoust mother large homosexual
Yo momma is so ugly fix-it felix said, "I can't fix that!"
Yo momma so short she has to hold a sign up that says, “don’t spit, I can’t swim”.
Too bad you can’t photoshop your ugly personality.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she thought free willy was a porno film.
I know you are, but what am i?
Your momma is so fat nasa used her to fill a hole in the ozone layer.
It must be such a long and lonely journey when a thought crosses your mind.
Yo momma so fat, her shadow puts dents in the ground.
Yo mama so poor, when I jumped in a puddle, she said, “what are you doing in my bathtub?!”
Yo mama so ugly, criminals break into her house just to close the curtains
Yo momma so dumb that when she was locked in a grocery store she starved!
Yo mama so stupid, she played got your nose with voldemort.
Yo mamma's so fat, I don't have to make a joke.
Yo momma so ugly, the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Yo momma so fat, she gets group insurance!
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Yo momma so stupid she got fired from the m&m factory for throwing away all the ws.
Yo momma so fat when she sits around the house, she sits around the house!
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t look! I’m about to change.
Yo mama so old she pre-ordered the bible.
Life is full of disappointments, and I just added you to the list.
Yo mama so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma is so ugly her momma had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to lick her.
Yo momma so fat she walked in front of the tv and I missed the whole titanic movie.
Yo mama so fat, her job title is spoon and fork operator!
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Yeah, me neither.
Where’d you get your clothes, girl, american apparently not?
Yo momma so ugly, they know what time she were born, because her face stopped the clock!
Yo mama so poor that when somebody stepped on her cigarette she said, "who turned off my heat?"
Yo mama is so small she can't even get high.
Yo momma's so fat, when she farted, she launched herself into orbit.
Yo mama so short, she went to see santa and he told her to get back to work.
Did I invite you to my barbecue? Then why are you all up in my grill?
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
I clean up germs all day, but no matter how hard I scrub, you’re still here.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so old, she had to babysit jesus.
Yo mama so stupid, she brought a spoon to the superbowl.
Your momma is so hairy when she opens her legs it says "welcome to busch gardens."
If stupidity was a superpower, you'd be a superhero.
Yo mama so strong, she bench-presses cars for fun.
Yo mama is so old that she ran track with dinosaurs.
I am jealous of people who didn’t meet you.
Yo momma so fat her belt loops have mile markers.
yo mama so dumb she threw water at the computer to put out a flame war.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
Your so fat that when the judge said order you said two piece chicken and chips
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
I would slap you but I don't want to make your face look any better.
Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park? They woke him up.
Yo mama is so old that she learned to write on cave walls.
Yo momma is so hairy... You almost died of rug burn at birth!
Your momma is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so dumb, she trips over the wireless internet.
I need to take this call just hang on a second. It’s the circus. They’re asking for you. Apparently, they have a vacancy in clownery they think you’d be suited for.
Next: 155 dad jokes, puns, and one-liners
Yo momma so poor she’s got more furniture on her porch than in her house.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
Yo momma is so dumb she put the air conditioning in backwards saying she was going to chill outside.
Yo mama so short, she broke her leg getting off the toilet.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
Yo mama is so fat on halloween she threw on a white sheet and went as antarctica.
You’re a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
I can’t think of anything to celebrate on your birthday except you being closer to death.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
the last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
Yo mama so fat, she's got more rolls than a bakery.
Yo mama so fat she’s got more chins than a honk kong phone book.
If you ran like your mouth, you’d be in good shape.
Yo mama so ugly, the walkers from the walking dead refuse to eat her.
you’ve got a great face for make up.
You are as annoying as the crying baby on the plane
I'm not procrastinating, I'm just strategically delaying.
Yo mama so fat she had to go to sea world to get baptized.
Yo mama so silly, she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
I'm not lazy, I'm just conserving energy.
Remember that time you were saying that thing I didn’t care about? Yeah… that is now. 51. I was today years old when I realized I didn’t like you.
You're so fat, if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take their word for it!
yo mama's so fashionable, even her shadow has style.
Let me tell you. If I don’t answer you the first time, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
yo momma is so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Wow, I bet you even fart glitter!
I'm already visualizing ductape over your mouth.
Yo mama so ugly, her own portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate is in roman numerals.
I don’t want you to turn the other cheek – it’s just as ugly.
Yo mama’s so crazy, whenever she runs she takes a psycho-path.
Yo momma is so ugly... That she scares blind people!
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "a" in lunch.
Yo momma so fat, when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live!
And the lord said unto john, "come forth and you will receive eternal life". John came fifth and won a toaster.
Your only purpose in life is to become an organ donor.
Yo mama so fat donald trump used her as the border wall.
You bring everyone so much joy when you leave the room.
Yo momma so short she uses a toothpick as a pool cue.
Yo mamma so stupid that when you you were born and she saw your cord, she said, "oh, it comes with cable!"
Heaven knows if you were taller, you wouldn’t get any boyfriends.
Yo mama so fat, when she climbed into a monster truck it became a low rider.
Yo momma’s so old that she was a waitress at the last supper.
you suck!
Yo mama so poor she uses cheerios for earrings
You must have been absent the day they handed out brains.
Yo mama's so ugly, she made a blind kid cry.
Yo mama so british, her blood type is tea innit.
How long did it take you to come up with that one?
I’m not saying you’re stupid, i’m just saying you’ve got bad luck when it comes to thinking.
Yo mama so poor she washes paper plates.
Can you die of constipation? I ask because i’m worried about how full of sh*t you are.
I've had snappier comebacks from a bowl of rice crispies.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
Yo momma’s so literal that when I told her she had lost her mind, she went looking for it.
You're so ugly you almost look like your mother.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Yo mama so fat, cupid’s arrows couldn’t pierce her.
Yo mama is so old that when she farts, dust comes out!
Yo mama is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a rapid flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her twenty years to live.
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through.
Why do you even wear a bra? You have nothing to put it in.
I desire that we be better strangers.
You mama so stupid she yelled into an envelope because she wanted to send a voice mail.
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go.
Yo momma's so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went into the bathroom, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama so short, she can do back flips under the bed.
Yo mama so stupid I told her christmas was around the corner and she went looking for it.
Yo mama so canadian, when she joined a politeness contest, they said “sorry, no professionals.”
Yo momma so ugly her pillow cries at night!
Your momma so stupid she thought the harlem shake was a drink.
Yo mama so small she has to cuff her underwear.
Yo momma so dumb, she tried to surf the microwave
Of all the mistakes in the world, you are the mistakiest!
Yo mamma is so fat that when she went to the gap, she filled it in.
Yo momma so old her birth-certificate expired.
May you have a day as pleasant as you are.
Yo mamma so ugly, she came in fourth at a beauty pageant and she was the only one who entered.
you're so dense, light bends around you.
Yo mama so short, when she wears a spring lock suit, nightmare thought she was plushtrap.
I am so single; I wake up to ‘battery full’ every morning.
Yo mama so old she went to an antique auction and three people bid on her.
Yo mama is just like a lawn mower: everyone gets a push.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought taco bell was a mexican phone company.
Yo mama so talented, she can turn a napkin into a work of art.
Yo momma so old she was eve.
Yo momma’s so delusional that she kicked off a witch trial.
Call me back when you’re ready to be an adult
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
My life may be a joke, but it’s not as funny as your face.
Somewhere tree is producing oxygen for you. I’m sorry for it.
yo momma so ugly she’s the reason why sonic runs fast.
Yo momma is so fat, she puts lipstick on with a paint roller.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but it would be wrong to attack someone who’s totally unarmed.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time consuming.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your iq.
I'd insult you, but you seem to be doing a pretty good job of that already.
Yo mama so ugly, when she saw spiderman, she tried to squish him.
Yo mama so nasty, she went swimming and made the dead sea.
Your mama so ugly she gotta wear a disguise on garbage day.
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said: “sorry, no professionals.”
yo momma's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge, too.
Please clean out this apartment. It’s called being a plant mom, not being a plant undertaker
Yo momma is so fat you need to take two trains and a bus just to get on her good side.
Yo momma so stupid, she wanted an apple and went to the apple store.
yo momma so poor she couldn’t afford a condom and gave birth to you.
I’m surprised your teeth aren’t brown from all the shit talking you do.
Your momma is so old she has an autographed copy of the bible.
Yo mama so fat her passport photo had to be taken from a satellite.
you look like a cow with that nose ring, and you’ve got the personality to match
Yo mama so fat she shows up on radar.
you're so fake.
Yo mama's so poor, burglars break into her house and leave money.
You should really come with a warning label.
What did you eat for breakfast? Bitch flakes?
I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were an expert in everything.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so ugly her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo momma so fat her belly button made it to her house 15 minutes before she did.
You're the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
God wanted to spice the earth with jokes, and he made your kind
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, bears hide their food from her.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
Oh, i’m sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
Yo momma's so dumb that when I told her it was chilly outside, she went and got a bowl.
Yo mama so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so short, her favorite band was the beatles.
Your mom is so black when she got out of the car the "check oil" light turned on.
Yo momma’s so fat that she walked in front of the tv and I missed 3 shows.
You are a very stupid and foolish person
Your mom's so poor she waits outside kfc to lick people's fingers after they eat.
You’re cute. Like my dog. He also always chases his tail for entertainment.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo mama's so trendy, she wears a mask as a fashion accessory.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
You should introduce your upper lip to your lower lip sometime and shut up!
The guy who picks up garbage outside my house wears the same thing.
Yo momma's so fat, when she was floating in the ocean, spain claimed her for the new world.
Yo momma's so fat, she wears a watch on each arm. One for each time zone.
yo mama so dumb, when the doctor told her she had coronavirus, she bought a new laptop.
Yo momma so short she does pull-ups on a staple.
Yo mama so cool, she could make an igloo out of a hot tub.
Your head is so big that you put the moon out of business.
A corpse is better company than you.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looked at her food, it expired.
Yo momma so fat she gets clothes in three sizes: extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it’s-coming-towards-us!
Yo mama so fat, she left in high heels and came back in flip flops.
I’ve been called worse by better people.
Yo mama so fat she laid on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away?
You make me increase the amount of caffeine I take daily
you consistently set low expectations and fail to achieve them.
I told my therapist about you.
You need to shut your mouth ’cause all your stupidity is leaking out.
Yo mama so fat, she uses google earth to take a selfie.
Next – 100 good comebacks
You are the architect of your life. Unfortunately, the blueprints are messy, written in mandarin, and waterlogged beyond all recognition. Good luck.
Yo momma is so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.
Yo mama so black, I shot at her and the bullet came back and asked for a flashlight
Yo mama so hot, her blood type is lava.
Yo momma's so ugly, the government moved halloween to her birthday!
I've seen someone that looked just like you before, but I had to pay admission.
Yo momma so fat when she jumped in the ocean she said “beat that moses.”
Yo momma’s so old that she knew burger king while he was still a prince.
Are you almost done with all of this drama? Because I need an intermission.
Who pissed in your cheerios?
yo momma so fat she fell out of the family tree.
Yo mama's so dumb that in the 'no child left behind' act there's a provision that exempts yo mama.
You look like a ‘before’ picture.
Do you always act like an idiot or do you just show off when i’m around?
Yo mama so strict, she won’t let moon jump scare the player until he got braces.
I’ve met several pricks before, but you sir are a cactus.
Yo momma is so poor that when I asked her whats for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, "hot pocket."
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Yo momma so fat she’s got to iron her pants on the driveway.
You're not the brightest bulb in the box, but you sure are shiny.
yo momma so stupid she returned a jigsaw puzzle because it was broken.
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
We are not going appease that empty brain of yours
Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
The salt on this food is enough to kill an earthworm.
Yo mama is so poor… she put a happy meal on layaway!
Yo momma's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
You are about to exceed the limits of my medication.
Yo mama so small she uses a sock for a sleeping bag.
the last time I saw something like you… I flushed.
Yo mama so fat when the flash tried to run around her, he died before he could even get halfway.
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
You are like the sun—not because you light up my world, but because it hurts to look at you.
No u
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Yo mama so stylish, she could turn a trash bag into a runway gown.
Yo mama so fat she needs a gps to find her butt hole.
Your writing is not made for the big screen, maybe for the small screen, a phone screen.
yo mama so fat when she climbed into a monster truck it became a low rider.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
Yo mama so evil, her favorite game was squid game.
Yo mama so fat, not even superman can lift her.
You must have been dropped on your head as a child, repeatedly.
Roses are red violets are blue, god made me pretty, what happened to you?
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here. I’ll go on ahead.
The twinkle in his eyes is actually the sun shining between his ears.
Shit happens. I mean, look at your face.
Yo mama so poor I swatted a firefly and she said, “who turned off the light?”
You're so fat that when you jumped into the atlantic ocean, it turned into the atlantic desert
Yo mama so fat she needs cheat codes for wii fit.
Yo mama so tall, when she did a backflip, she dig god in the face.
You’re like the end pieces of a loaf of bread. Everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
Bye, hope to see you never.
Yo mama so ugly her mama put rubber bands on her ears so that people would think that she was only wearing a mask.
Yo mama so stupid she brought tea bags to the world cup.
I’d have to understand this for you. Explaining won’t help you either
Yo mama so stupid she brought a ladder to go to high school.
Yo momma so dumb when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon.
Your ignorance makes my racist uncle look like albert einstein.
I like how you look, but it’s too bad you can’t photoshop your ugly personality.
Sorry I can’t think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
Yo mama's so funny, even her laugh gets its own stand-up special.
I can't imagine what qualities you may have that would compensate for your behavior in public.
You're so poor you can't afford to pay attention.
Yo mama so ugly even her shadow ran away from her.
Yo momma’s so dumb that she thought twitter was a social networking platform for birds
It is hilarious how you are trying to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
Yo mama so fat she pulls her pants down and her butt is still in them.
You're not worth the energy it takes to insult you.
Yo mama so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down!
Yo mama so small she takes a shower in a rain drop.
Yo mamma's so fat, she is the circle of life.
Usually my rule is “3 strikes and you’re out,” but you were out of my mind as soon as you started spewing your bullshit.
You have a lot in common with the wart on my toe: you’re hard to get rid of, and I can’t stand the pain you bring me daily.
I would ask you how old you are, but I know that you can't count that high.
Yo mama so short, when she smokes weed, she can’t even get high!
Yo momma so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving.
You get ten times more girls than me? Ten times zero is zero...
Ditch the outfit. You’re enough of an asshat as it is.
That’s all you got, two wrong feet and ugly shoes.
How do you keep yourself from not choking on the constant flow of bullsh*t that’s coming out of your mouth? You are seriously amazing!
Yo mama so ugly, your father brings her to work so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would simply jump from your ego to your iq.
I'm not stubborn, I'm just refusing to admit you're right.
Yo momma's so ugly she makes the blind go crippled!
I’m not insulting you; i’m describing you.
Yo mama so old, her blood type was dust.
Yo mama is so short that she does backflips under the bed.
Yo mama so stupid she thought light sabers had less calories.
I’ve never been a great cook, but I still know how to roast your ass.
Yo mama so fat she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so short, she travels on a toy train.
Yo mama so fat, she broke the 256 block limit on minecraft.
Fake hair, fake nails, fake smile. Are you sure you weren’t made in china?
Yo momma so old, god was her first boyfriend.
I know you don’t like me, that says a lot. You need to acquire a better taste.
Yo mama so poor when I stepped on a cigarette she said, “hey, who turned off the heat?”
Yo momma so poor her address is this side up.
I hear there’s a new app called a sense of humor. You should try downloading it.
Yo mama so old, she knew santa when he was just an elf.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
Yo mama so fat that when she farted she started global warming.
Yo momma so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo mama’s so ugly she went into a haunted house and they handed her an application.
Even dogs don’t like you.
Yo mama so stupid she went to the apple store to get a big mac.
Yo mama so fat she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
Yo momma so short she does back flips under the bed.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought chicken strips was a strip club for chickens.
Yo mama so ugly she scares blind kids away.
Surprise me. Say something smart.
Yo momma so stupid she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Yo mama's so fit, she can do a push-up with just her pinky finger.
Yo mama so fat, when she skips a meal, the whole stock market drops.
Yo momma’s so ugly, when she died the grim reaper refused to take her.
Let's go to the zoo. I've always wanted to meet your family.
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
Now I know why everyone talks about you behind your back.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
Yo momma so old she sat next to moses in third grade.
yo momma's so fat, when she ordered a water bed, they put a blanket over the atlantic ocean.
Yo mama so religious, her blood type is holy water.
Yo mama so hot, she made mr peanut, nut.
Apparently the image of you in the mirror is burned into your skull, and holy crap are you right!
Yo mama’s so classless, she’s a marxist utopia.
You can’t photoshop personality.
Yo mama so fat she has a sock for each toe.
Yo momma’s so old that she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo mama so dumb, she called me to ask for my phone number.
Why don’t you slip into something a little more comfortable… like a coma.
yo mama so old she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
don't you love nature despite what it did to you?
Yo mama so fat, when she ate an avocado it was nickado.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to school, she sat next to the whole class.
Taking a picture of you would put a virus on my phone
Are all your friends this stupid as well? Maybe we can invite them over and, together, you’d constitute one working brain cell.
Yo mama’s head so big, she dreams in imax.
I hope you lose weight so there will be less of you!
Yo momma is so poor she went running after the garbage truck with a grocery list.
You're not as dumb as you look, you're dumber.
Yo mama so old she took her driver’s test on a dinosaur.
Your mother should’ve swallowed you
Yo mama is so stupid she bought tickets to xbox live.
Yo mama is so fat that weight watchers won’t look at her.
Yo momma's so fat she passed the window and we lost light for 4 days.
Yo mama is so small she committed suicide off the curb.
Yo mama so fat when she turns around, people throw her a welcome back party.
Yo mama is so nasty that she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
Yo mamma is so old she knew burger king when he was a prince.
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a yellow dress while bungee jumping people think the sun is falling.
Someday, you'll look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject.
Yo momma so old, when she was young, rainbows were black and white!!
Yo momma's so dumb she doesn't know which date 9/11 is on.
Yo mama dead.
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would ya?
Yo momma so stupid she returned a jigsaw puzzle because it was broken.
Yo mamma is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.
I taught my pet wolf how to meditate. Now he's aware wolf.
yo momma's so stupid, she thought dickies were condoms for kids.
Yo mama so fat that she doesn’t need the internet; she’s already world wide.
Silence is the best answer for a fool
Yo momma's so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, "what are those"?
Yo mama so old eve slapped her for making out with adam.
Your mama so fat when she fell out of the bed she fell off both sides.
Yo mama so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said “moving.”
How can your iq be in single numbers
Yo mama so fat she got arrested at the airport for ten pounds of crack.
You’re so skinny; I hear the sound of bone on wood when you sit.
Yo mama so dumb, she went to the library to find facebook.
Yo momma so stupid, when she saw ymca, she said, "look, they spelled macy's wrong."
Yo momma so fat, a picture of her would fall off the wall!
Calling you is a waste of time
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Yo momma's like a bowling ball: finger that bitch, then chunk her in the gutter.
Beauty is skin deep, but ugly is to the bone.
Yo mama so fat, even dora couldn’t explore her.
Yo mama so small she drives a toy car.
Yo momma is so ugly she got kicked out of a nudist colony for indecent exposure.
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
You are alone in this. I don’t support foolish behaviour
Yo momma’s so funny that she thought kfc was ufc for chickens.
Yo momma so fat I can stand on her belly and high five god.
Normally, people live and learn. You, on the other hand, just live.
Yo mama so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don’t get wet!
Yo mama so ugly, she made my happy meal cry.
your skincare routine shouldn’t smell like a graveyard
Life’s a b*tch. Oh no, wait. That’s you.
I'm not saying you're a bad person, but I wouldn't want to be stuck in a room with you during a zombie apocalypse.
Yo mama's so short, she does pull-ups on a staple.
your lips keep moving but all I hear is “blah, blah, blah.”
It’s all about balance… you start talking, I stop listening.
Yo momma so fat, when she sings, it's over for everybody.
Yo mama so old she saw her ex in the museum.
Yo momma so short she ties her shoelaces while standing up.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Why were the teacher's eyes crossed? Because he couldn't control his pupils!
Yo momma so old she knew burger king while he was still a prince.
The last time I saw something like you… I flushed.
Yo momma's so fat she needs cheat codes for wii fit.
Yo mama so dumb, she stays up all night trying to catch some sleep.
yo mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.
No one noticed when you left; that’s how insignificant you are
Yo mama so fat that the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs
Yo mama so hot, she made a jalapeno cry.
I told my therapist about you; she didn’t believe me.
Yo momma so dumb, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
You're as useless as a keyboard without keys.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing! They fast!
Yo mama so stupid, she studied for a drug test by taking all of the drugs.
“Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?” — Jamie mcguire, beautiful oblivion
I don’t know what your problem is, but i’m guessing it’s hard to pronounce.
I’m sorry… did my back hurt your knife?
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I'd watch cable news.
Yo mama so fat, not even thanos could snap her out of existence.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw a butter out the window to see butterfly.
“Go back to party city, where you belong!” — Phi phi o’hara, rupaul’s drag race
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
Yo momma’s so literal that she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours just because the instructions said ‘concentrate.’
You're a light eater alright. As soon as it gets light, you starts eating.
Yo momma so stupid she thought bruno mars was a planet.
you're the reason we have warning labels on everything.
When god made you, you must have been on the bottom of his “to-do” list.
I'm not cheap, I'm just financially conscious.
Yo mama so fat, dracula sucked her blood and got diabetes.
Yo mama so ugly, people dress up as her for halloween.
Yo momma so dumb she sits on the tv, and watches the couch!
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Yo momma's so dumb, when y'all were driving to disneyland, she saw a sign that said "disneyland left," so she went home.
Yo mama so stupid she disses her kids with yo mama jokes.
You must be magic because I suddenly don’t give a shit anymore!
Yo mama so fat, when she jumped into a pool, nasa found water on mars.
Yo mama so fat when she went out in a green bikini everyone shouted “godzilla!”.
You’re too smart to date stupid. Or maybe you’re just the same.
I'm sorry, did I accidentally trigger your superiority complex?
Yo momma so fat she can't reach her back pocket.
Were you born this stupid, or did you take lessons?
You’re living proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Your ass must be jealous of all the sh*t that’s coming out of your mouth.
Yo momma so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from her internet cache.
I’m not a nerd; i’m just smarter than you.
He has a face like a stuntman’s knee
A lot of people live and learn. You just live.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a serial killer was trying to kill her cereal.
Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
You remind me of myself. Back when I was young and stupid.
I can’t believe I have to work to make money.
Yo you smell like a vagina that has been left out bitch
There is someone out there for everyone. For you, it’s a therapist.
Your mama so fat she on both sides the family.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so feel free to go.
Yo momma is so tall... She tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon!
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
yo momma is so fat her bellybutton gets home 9 minutes before she does.
Your mamma's so fat people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama so dumb she tried to ring taco bell.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Yo mama so mean, they don’t give her happy meals at mcdonalds.
Yo mama's so talented, she could win a karaoke contest on mute.
Your momma is so fat, the earth was flat before they buried her
i’d say you’re funny, but looks aren’t everything.
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car to get gasoline money!
Your teeth aren’t as white as they could be!
Complete this sentence for me: “i never want to see you ____!”
Your mama so stupid when I said drinks were on the house, she went and got a ladder.
Yo mama so stupid she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
You're as useless as the second shift button on the keyboard.
Yo mama so hairy, she shaves her legs with a lawnmower.
Yo mama is so fat when she wants her photo taken she has to call google earth.
Yo momma so old she watches the history channel to see if she’s on.
Yo mama so dumb, she put a watch in a piggy bank to save some time.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is nutella.
Yo mama so fat, even her clothes have stretch marks.
Yo mama so stupid she gave birth to you.
Yo mama so fat her shadow weighs 35 pounds.
Only thing that is pleasing about our relationship is that you are no longer in it.
I could use your shadow as an umbrella.
Yo mama so evil, she turned dream into a nightmare.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
Yo mama so dumb, it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say, but I'm pretty sure it's wrong.
Yo mama so fat, she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
If I wanted to talk to you, I would have called you first.
You’ll never be the man your mom is.
Oh, sorry, did the middle of my sentence interrupted the beginning of yours?
Yo mama so poor her front door and back door are on the same hinges.
Yo mama so hairy, when your father took her out to eat, the waiter said: ” sorry, no pets allowed.”
I'm not difficult, I'm just selective with who I invest my time in.
Yo mama is so ugly when the devil saw her, he started praying.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how much I don't care.
Spontaneity is the spice of life, and you’re as plain as they come.
Yo mama so stupid she studied for a blood test – and failed.
What drugs are you on, stupid pills?
You are the human version of period cramps.
Are you naturally this dumb or do you have to put in effort?
Yo mama's so fat, she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
You’re so dumb, I bet your dog teaches you tricks.
Whenever I see you, middle finger gets an erection.
Yo momma is so old she knew the burger king when he was still a prince.
Yo mama is so ugly, she made an onion cry!
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
Yo mamas so fat she has triabetes.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
Yo mama so funny, she thought kfc was ufc for chickens.
Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it
Ur mom huge gay
Yo momma's so fat and old, when moses wanted to part the red sea, he told her to do a cannon ball.
Yo momma so fat, her job title is spoon and fork operator!
Where’d you get that? Forever 22?
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in mattress world and slept on the floor.
The trash gets picked up early tomorrow. Be ready.
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
I’m not rude. I just speak what everyone else is thinking of you.
I wish I could diss you, but nature already did.
Yo mama so ugly, when she plays super smash bros the characters run off the stage.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Yo mama so fat, when she sweats she causes a tsunami.
I’m jealous of all the people that haven’t met you.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Your mama so short she pole dances on a candy cane.
Yo mama so hot, she turned dream into a wet dream.
Yo momma’s so short that you can see her feet on her driver’s license.
Yo mama is so fat, she has more chins than a chinese phone book.
Last time you smelled a hot meal was when I farted.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks taco bell is a mexican phone company.
You're not the sharpest tool in the shed, but you do have your uses.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
Yo mama so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window so the wind could blow it.
Yo momma so fat mount everest tried to climb her.
Yo momma's so fat, her belt size is "equator."
if sex were fast food, you'd have an arch over your head.
Yo momma is so stupid that she sat on the tv to watch the couch.
I’m jealous of how you can be so dumb
yo mama so fat, when she walked past the tv, I missed three episodes.
Yo mama so old her breast milk is powder.
Yo momma so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.
Yo mama so poor, she hangs toilet paper out to dry.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay at home job but she’s still late to work.
Yo mama’s armpits stink so bad, she made right guard turn left.
Yo mama so hairy, she wears a nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her hair jordan.
Yo mama’s so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they’ve got writer’s block.
Yo mamma is so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama's so broke that she couldn't even pay attention.
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
You drop those clothes back off at the morgue when you're done with them?
Yo momma's so fat, the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie in the street.
Yo mama so stupid she stuck a phone up her butt to make a booty call.
Yo mama so tall, she was taller than mommy long legs.
“Impersonating beyoncé is not your destiny, child.” — Rupaul, rupaul’s drag race
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Yo momma so poor she has to hang her toilet paper out to dry.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
Yo mama so fat when she wears her yellow raincoat people yell out, “taxi!”.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Why are frogs always so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.
Yo mama so fat, when I pictured her in my head, she broke my neck.
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
You are the sun in my life… now get 93 million miles away from me.
You should wear a condom on your head, if you're going to be a dick you might as well dress like one.
I don’t argue with idiots. They will just lower me to their level, then beat me with experience.
Yo mama so old, when she was in school, there was no history.
Oh this is coming from the poster child for abortions?
Yo mama so fat, she puts on her belt with a boomerang.
Yo mama so dumb, she got fired from the m & m factory for throwing away all the w’s.
Yo mama so ugly she gives freddy krueger nightmares.
Have a nice day… somewhere else.
the only thing you’re fucking, is stupid.
yo mama so old she farts dust.
A fool is the same all year round, and we celebrate you on april 1st.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid.
Yo mama is so nasty that she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
All your brain is in that suitcase
I didn’t know that answering a question was considered ‘talking back.’
Yo mama’s so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat that when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides.
Behind every fat woman there’s a beautiful woman. No seriously, you’re in the way.
I didn’t mean to offend you… but it was a huge plus.
Yo momma so fat she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for the new world.
Too bad you can’t photoshop an ugly personality.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Yo mama so fat the national hurricane center named each of her farts.
yo momma so ugly she’s the reason why the ninja turtles hide in the sewers.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
yo mama so nasty, when her dog farts, she takes the credit.
yo momma so poor she took out a 2nd mortgage on her cardboard box.
oops, my bad. I could’ve sworn I was dealing with an adult.
Yo mama so ugly, when she walks into the dentist, they make her lay face down.
Somewhere out there, there’s a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
yo mama so fat, she doesn’t need the internet. She’s already worldwide!
May the chocolate chips in your cookies always turn out to be raisins.
I hope you go far. The sooner, the better
Yo mama so intelligent, she speaks fluent binary code.
Yo momma so fat, she turned medusa to stone.
Yo momma so short she needs a stool to pick her nose.
Yo mama so ugly, her portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama so hairy, when she gave birth to you, you got carpet burn, bro.
Yo mama so ugly when she tried to take a bath the water jumped out.
I did not pick up the phone because i’m ignoring you
You're a fawning subordinate; a suck-up
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
Yo mama is so tall… shaq looks up to her!
Yo mama so stupid she tried to wake up sleeping pills.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with personality.
My heart was beating fast when I saw you walk in. I thought you were the monster under my bed.
If you don't like my opinion of you—improve yourself!
The mirror broke when you looked at it. You can’t fix ugly.
Yo mama is so stupid that she needs twice as much sense to be a half-wit.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
Yo mama so loving, she sends you selfies just to say "I miss you."
Yo momma so stupid when she went to subway, she asked for a ticket to chicago.
I’d give you a slap, but that’d be animal abuse.
Yo mama's so slow it took her nine months to come up with a good joke!
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Yo momma so ugly she made a happy meal cry.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you look like a pinata.
You bring everyone so much joy… when you leave the room.
Your kid is so annoying he makes his happy meal cry.
Yo mama so ugly, when she signed into gta online she got an instant five stars.
Yo mama's so slow, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you’ve never used it.
Yo momma is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "we are family, even though you're fatter than me."
Yo momma’s so dumb that she put lipstick on her forehead so she could make up her mind.
You mama so hairy when she woke up she found herself in a cage at the zoo.
Yo mama so hairy, she stars in donkey kong games.
Yo mama so fat, she’s a citizen of every country.
I wrote something nice for you in invisible ink. Sorry, it must have washed off.
Yo mama's a ninny; simpleton, fool
You're a person of rare intelligence. It's rare when you show any.
Yo mama is so short that when I was dissin' her she tried to jump kick me in the ankle.
Yo momma is so fat she tripped over tokyo and landed in hawaii.
Yo mama so rich, when she went to the beach, her money brought the krabs to bikini bottom.
yo mama’s so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine!
Your momma’s so ugly that she made one direction go another direction.
Yo mama so short, she uses a tostito as a boat.
Yo mama's like a reese's peanut butter cup, there's no wrong way to eat her.
Yo mama so poor when she goes to kfc, she has to lick other people’s fingers.
Yo mama's so talented, she can burp the alphabet backward.
Yo mama so rich, her piggy bank is an actual bank.
Know your role, shut your hole!
Yo momma so ugly she made your dad gay.
You’re about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
Her teeth were so bad she could eat an apple through a fence.
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
Did I hurt your ego? Do you want a kissy on your boo-boo?
Yo mama so small she’s a teller at a piggy bank.
You momma so fat people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama so old, she walked into an antiques store, and they didn’t let her leave.
Yo mama's butt hairs are so long, they get clogged in the toilet when she flushes
Yo mama so dumb, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Someday you’ll go far… and I really hope you stay there.
Yo momma so fat she sat on a dollar and when she got up there was 4 quarters.
Yo momma is so short... She can use a sock for a sleeping bag!
Yo mama so dumb, she put sugar on the bed because she wanted sweet dreams.
Yo momma is so fat when she went to kfc the cashier asked, "what size bucket?" And yo momma said, "the one on the roof."
Yo mama so strong, when she played minecraft, she one shot the enderdragon, with her fist.
Yo mama so ugly, when your dad drops her off for work, he gets a fine for littering.
Yo momma so poor ducks throw bread at her.
My friend says to me: "what rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I wanna give you a high five...on the face...with a hammer.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dollar store and said, "how much is this?"
Yo momma so hairy the only language she speaks is wookie.
Yo mamma so stupid, she put a quarter in the parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out.
Yo mama so poor, when I asked her “what’s for dinner” she took off her shoelaces and said “spaghetti”.
Everyone’s entitled to act stupid once in a while, but you really abuse the privilege.
Yo mama's so athletic, she could run a marathon in high heels.
Yo mama so fat, she occupies wall street all by herself.
Yo mama so tall, when it rains, people standing under her didn’t need an umbrella.
Are you afraid that zombies will eat your brain? Nah, you’ll be fine.
I’m sorry, i’ll call you later. I’m breathing in air
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.you're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Yo mama is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Life is full of disappointments, just ask your parents.
Your face is just fine, but you’ll have to put a bag over that personality.
When I look at you, I think to myself where have you been my whole life? Can you go back there?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Yo mama so old when she went to the museum she saw some of her exes.
Yo momma is so nasty when she farts the smoke alarm goes off.
You can attract bees with honey; in your case, it’s flies and faeces.
Yo momma is so stupid she tried to climb mountain dew.
Your thoughts should be flushed
Please, save your breath. You’ll probably need it to blow up your next date.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Yo mama’s so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Empty barrels make the loudest noise
Yo mama so dumb she tried to make an appointment with dr. Pepper.
I must have been imagining things. For a second there, I thought you made a valid point.
“Where’d you get your outfits, girl, american apparently not?” — Trixie mattel, rupaul’s drag race
Yo mama so fat she’s got a eating disorder. She eat dis order, and dat order, and everybody else’s order too.
Yo mama so stupid, she put her phone in airplane mode and thought she could fly.
Yo momma’s so boring that the neighbors call her mr. Collins.
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh i’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
Yo mama so cool, her blood type is liquid nitrogen.
Yo mama's so dumb, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo momma's so fat, she tripped over wal-mart, stumbled over k-mart, and landed on target.
have you been shopping lately? They’re selling lives – you should go get yourself one.
Of course I talk like an idiot… how else would you understand me?
Yo momma's so fat, when I swerved to avoid her in the street I ran outta gas.
Yo mama so strong, her six pack has a six pack.
You need a kiss on the neck from a crocodile.
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Do your parents even realize they’re living proof that two wrongs don’t make a right?
You are so ugly that when you looked in the mirror, your reflection walked away.
If you ever cross my mind, i’ll make sure it’s a busy intersection.
I'm so good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
If I had a dollar every time you shut up, I would give it back as a thank you.
Your mama so small she poses for trophies.
You’re an unscented candle in a store full of beautiful fragrances.
Yo momma’s so rich that even her yacht has a yacht.
Your mama so ugly at the strip club people pay her to keep her clothes on.
yo mama so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter.
Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 was on the scale.
If you were any more forgetful, you'd forget to breathe.
I'd make a joke about your mother, but you being here has already done that for me.
This is a lose-lose situation for me. I lose my valuable time and any semblance of compassion I had left.
Yo mama’s so dumb, she bought a solar-powered flashlight.
Before you tell me what I did wrong, you should first know that I don’t care.
Did you hear about the italian chef that died? He pasta way.
Yo mama so fat, her belt is the equator.
Yo mama is so fat when she went to the cinema she sat next to everybody.
You're so fat, you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
If you added any more weight, the elevator wouldn’t move
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
yo mama is so old that she drove a chariot to high school.
I'm not shy, I'm just observing from a distance.
Are you gay? Because you can’t seem to keep a straight face.
Yo mama so poor her doormat doesn’t say, “welcome”, it says, “welfare.”
When your mom dropped you at school she got arrested for littering
Yo mama so stupid, she threw water at the computer to put out flame war.
Yo momma's so hairy when she went too the zoo everybody screamed, "the gorilla's loose!"
Yo mama so fat, the horse on her polo shirt is real.
Yo mama so lazy, she didn’t give birth to you until you were 21.
if I have kids, I will just purposefully forget them at school
You're such a give-up.
i’d insult you, but then i’d have to explain it afterwards, so never mind.
Yo momma so fat she hasn’t got cellulite, she’s got celluheavy.
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you need to act like one.
Yo mama so ugly her pillow cries at night.
yo mama so fat, she wears two watches. One for each time zone she’s in.
You have been getting your life together for two years, and I don’t think it wants to be gotten
If I wanted a bitch, i’d have bought a dog.
Yo momma so stupid when she threw a grenade at me, I pulled the pin and threw it back.
Yo mama is like a campfire: everybody gets to stick their wieners in.
I was going to make a joke about your life, but I see life beat me to the punch.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear it’s a beautiful day.
Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands.
Yo mama so old, her first car was the first car.
I am not ignoring you; I am just giving you a time to understand what you just said.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
When your mom dropped you off at school, she got apprehended by the authorities for littering.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
Yo momma’s so short that she has to slam dunk her bus fare.
You see that door? I want you on the other side of it.
Here, let me wash the stupid right off of you. Oh wait, it’s not coming off.
Yo mama so small her head smells like feet.
Why did it take so long for the pirates to learn the alphabet? They got stuck at c.
If you spoke your mind, you’d be speechless.
Ur mom big gay
Yo momma so dumb, she thinks johnny cash is a pay toilet!
Yo momma so old she’s got hieroglyphics on her driver’s license.
Yo mama’s so short when she plays fortnite she can hide under the freaking store.
I’ve got higher heels than your standards.
Yo mama so dumb and fat she brought a spoon to the super bowl
If everyone was like you, the human race would lose faith in the world.
You are not as bad as people say. You are much, much worse!
You're so poor the food stamps bounce.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she sold her car for gas money.
Next: 55 dentist jokes a day to keep the dentist away
Sometimes, I wish I was deaf so your grammar wouldn’t bother me so much.
I can get plastic surgery to fix my ugliness, you on the other hand will be stupid for eternity.
Yo mama so fat, she volunteered as tribute for the hunger games because she thought it was an eating competition.
Yo mama so thin, she uses a cheerio as a hoola-hoop, and still has room to spare.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to eat creepypasta.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went into a haunted house, she came out with a job application.
Roses are red; violets are blue. You a fool, and that will always be true
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just prioritizing my sanity.
Yo mama so fat, in indiana jones she was the boulder.
Yo mama so fat when stepped on a scale she said, "how does it know my credit card number?"
yo mama is so dark that when she smiles at night she looks like a pack of floating chicklets.
You're not even a has-been, you're a never-was.
Are you normally this obnoxious, or is there some class you took?
Yo mama so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to take snoop dogg for a walk.
did you know they used to be called “jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
when you start talking, I stop listening.
Yo momma so fat she had to go to sea world to get baptized.
Yo mamma is so old she has autographed bible.
‘Pew! Pew! Pew!’ That’s the sound of me deflecting your whiny b*tching with my happiness shield.
Yo mama so ugly not even goldfish will smile back.
Yo mama so hairy, bigfoot took her picture.
Yo momma so ugly satan died of fright.
I have seen bread smarter than you.
Yo mama so hairy, she gots afros on her nipz.
You could be very useful in the army; your face kills faster than any gun or bomb.
I’d have hired an exterminator if I knew you were gonna bug the shit out of me.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem!
You're momma's soo big, scientists are studying her to better understand how food gravitates towards her mouth.
Yo momma so old that she knew gandalf before he had a beard.
Yo mama so old, she knew 50 cent when he was only a quarter.
Yo mama so unfamiliar with the gym she calls it james.
yo mama so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
I hear you are connected to the police department -- by a pair of handcuffs.
Yo mama so ugly, the devil saw her. He started going to church.
You are so full of shit, the toilet’s jealous.
I’d roast your mom, but it’s illegal to burn garbage in california.
yo mama so ugly, she made jeff the killer frown.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought twitter was social media for birds.
To make you laugh on saturday, I need to you joke on wednesday.
Yo mama so fat the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot-dogs.
You're momma's so dumb, she has 11 fingers and 15 toes and still can't count to 26.
You’re so ugly, hello kitty said goodbye to you.
Earth has a population of over 7 billion, and I had to meet the biggest loser imaginable.
Yo mama so ugly, she can't even arouse suspicion.
Okay, let me file what you just said under ‘i couldn’t care less.’
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
Our kid must have gotten his brain from you! I still have mine.
Yo mama so fat thanos had to clap.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were the expert on everything and I was the idiot.
Yo mama's so quick, she can finish a game of chess before you finish saying "checkmate."
Wish I had a flip phone so I could slam it shut on this conversation.
I understand everything you said. I’m choosing to ignore you.
Yo mama so sassy, she can throw shade in the dark.
Your bag is fake. You forgot there’s no ‘e’ in ‘prada.’
Yo mama so tech-savvy, she tried to download a car.
Yo mama so fat, rick and morty thought her belly button was a portal to another dimension.
yo mama so stupid, she made an appointment with dr pepper.
Your ass must be pretty jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth.
You look so pretty. Not at all gross today.
Yo mama so ugly that when you play hide and seek with her, you’re always the one that hides.
Yo momma's so stupid, she tried to hug her reflection in the pool thinking it was her long lost twin, and drowned.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined snapchat, her phone snapped itself in half.
Yo mama’s so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
The only way my husband would ever get hurt during an activity is if the tv exploded.
I’m not saying that I hate you, but i’d unplug your life support machine to charge my mobile.
Yo mama so british, she has the spice girls on speed dial.
Yo mama's so fat, her soup bowl came with a lifeguard.
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
No matter how many shmucks I meet in my life, I can always trust you to be the absolute worst.
Yo mama so stupid she thought the exorcist was a workout video.
Yo mama's so athletic, she can slam dunk a donut.
Sometimes, it’s better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you’re stupid rather than open it and remove all doubt.
Umm, who asked?
Yo mama is so stupid… she went to a dentist to fix her bluetooth!
I’m so jealous of all the people that haven’t met you yet.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a parked car.
Yo momma so ugly she is the reason they turn off the lights at the movie theater.
Yo mama so ugly she went into a haunted house with tickets and came out with a job.
Yo momma so stupid, she tried to mail a letter using food stamps.
Yo momma's so dumb, when your aunt had twins, she asked yo momma to name them. She named one denise, and the other denephew.
How do you get an astronaut's baby to sleep? You rocket!
Yo mama is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so old, her social security number is 69.
Yo mama's so fat she outweighs the needs of the many
Goeth & fucketh thyself!
I'm not a control freak, I'm just a problem solver.
Yo mama so old, she still owes jesus five bucks.
If I were to jump down from your iq, it would equate to hopping
Yo mama so stupid, when she died, she broke the stairway to heaven.
You're so small, you pose for trophies.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives at the mall, you should get one.
Your mama so stupid she thought dunkin’ donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so old god signed her yearbook.
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says, “expired”.
I'm not a control freak, I'm just detail-oriented.
you have the intelligence of a fence post.
Hey, you have something on your chin. No, the 3rd one down.
I may not be perfect, but at least i’m not you.
Yo mama so small she uses a tostito as a boat.
I'm not a follower, I'm just waiting for the right leader to emerge.
Yo mama so hairy when gave birth to you, you got carpet burns.
You're such a poser.
Yo mama so fat when she goes swimming the whales start singing “we are family”.
I may love to shop but I will never buy your bull.
Yo mama is so old that that when she was in school there was no history class!
yo mama so old when I asked her age, she said, “i can’t count that high.”
Yo momma's so poor I stepped in a puddle, and her head popped out and said, "what are you doing in my bathtub!?"
Yo mama is so stupid, she walked into walgreens and said, "these walls ain't green."
I’d tell you to blow your brains out, but i’m pretty certain there’s nothing there.
Yo mama so fat, every time she took a step, it caused an earthquake.
Yo mama’s so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and still is late to work.
yo momma’s so short that she has to slam dunk her bus fare.
I look at you and think what a waste of two billion years of the evolution.
The jerk store called, they’re running out of you.
Yo mama so strong, she sweats bullets.
Yo mama's so ugly, sonic.exe doesn't want to play with her.
Yo momma so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet!
I'm not self-centered, I'm just the main character of my own life story.
Yo momma is so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,"hey, you forgot the remote!"
The hardest pill to swallow is knowing nothing is as lethal as your personality.
Yo mama so stupid when she got locked in a grocery store she starved to death.
Yo mama so skinny she can dodge raindrops.
Being friends with you is only useful if i’m looking to have a good time
You're so fake, barbie is jealous.
Funny, I don’t remember you raising your hand. I’m going to call on someone else.
Your momma so ugly she has to sneak up on the mirror.
You're as useless as white-out to a computer data entry clerk.
Yo mama is so old that she sat next to jesus in third grade.
Yo mama so short, she walked under trump’s border wall.
Yo mama is so old… her memory is in black and white!
I'm not nosy, I'm just curious about everything.
Yo mama is so greasy that her freckles slipped off.
yo momma's so fat, even dora can't explore her.
Yo mama so stupid she goes to the post office to send an email.
Yo mama is so poor she goes to kfc just to lick fingers.
Yo mama is so fat, she's the reason the earth tilts on its axis.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your butt.
Yo mama’s so stupid she told me to meet her at the corner of walk and don’t walk.
Yo mama is so fat… she posted a picture on instagram and it crashed!
Yo mama so fat, even dora can’t explore her.
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to xbox live.
If we continue talking to each other, I might end up dead.
Your mama so dumb she thought seaweed was something fish smoke.
Yo momma is so fat that dora can't even explore her!
Your mama is so fat that her bmi is measured in acres.
Yo mama so fat, she beat galactus in a world-eating contest.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over the little voice in my head screaming 'what a load of rubbish!'
Yo momma so ugly, when she cries the tears run up her face.
Yo momma so fat when she turned around we gave her a welcome back party.
yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why the ninja turtles hide in the sewers.
Your mom isn't alive any more
Yo mama so fat, when the flash tried to run around her, he died before he could even get halfway.
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Yo momma's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles, cars slow down.
You're a pussy.
Maybe if you ate some of that make up you could be pretty on the inside.
Why couldn't the pirates play cards? Because the pirate was stood on the deck.
You know, you’d be much more likable if it wasn’t for that hole in your mouth that noise comes out of.
Yo mama so poor burglars break in her house and leave money.
Yo momma so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes.
People like you don’t grow on trees. They swing from them.
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
I love the sound you make when you shut up.
You're so ugly, you'd make a freight train take a dirt road!
Yo mamma so fat she wakes up in sections
I couldn’t stop thinking about you all day today. I was at the zoo.
yo momma so ugly she made one direction go another direction.
yo mama so fat, she had to be baptized at sea world.
Yo mama so short, spongebob thought she was plankton.
Yo mama so ugly that even scooby doo couldn’t solve that mystery.
Yo mama so ugly, neither jacob nor edward want her on their team.
Yo momma so stupid if she spoke her mind she’d probably be speechless.
Yo mama so strict, she locked you up in a tower.
I'm not arguing, I'm just explaining why I'm right.
Unless your name is google, stop acting like you know everything!
Yo mama so old her first christmas was the first christmas.
Yo momma so fat, her belly-button gets home 15 minutes before she does!
Fuck you!
Yo mama so smart, when she played baldis basics, she got baldi’s last question correct.
Yo mama so fat, her belly button gets home 13 minutes before her
Yo mamma so poor, when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe on, I stopped and said, "you lost a shoe!" And she said, "no, I found a shoe!"
Yo mamma so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven .
Yo momma is so old... She knew burger king while he was still a prince!
Yo momma so fat, she doesn't need internet, she's already worldwide.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
You are like that bitch that every dog fucks and leaves it on the street for the next dog.
Light travels faster than sound which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
Did the mental hospital test too many drugs on you today?
I'm not lazy, I'm just conserving energy for when I really need it.
Yo momma's so ugly, she gotta be yo momma.
Yo momma so ugly she turned medusa to stone.
Yo momma's so ugly, she made an onion cry.
If a cannibal wanted to eat you, he wouldn’t find anything in your brain
Yo momma so fat she can’t fit in this joke.
Your mama is so fat not even dora could explore her
Yo mama so tall, when she played gorilla tag vr, people accused her of using long arms!
Yo mama so ugly, she made the joker stop laughing.
Yo mama so ugly she made onions cry.
You are not as bad as people say - you are worse!
Yo momma so skinny she can hula hoop with a cheerio.
There was some terrible traffic accident on the news today. I was hoping that it was you.
Yo mama so fat, thanos had to clap.
Yo momma’s so hungry that she created a gmail account just so she could get the spam.
Yo momma so ugly she had to get you drunk before she could breastfeed you.
Yo mama so ugly the terminator said, "I won't be back."
Yo mama so old, not even the time stone could make her young.
Jo mama so fat that a trucker swerved to miss her and ran out of gas!
You’re not pretty enough to be that stupid.
You actually look nice today. You deserve a cookie.
Yo mamma so fat, when she jumped up, she got stuck in the air!
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
Thank god the kids don’t have my surname. Stupid doesn’t run in my family.
Yo mamma is so ugly that when justin bieber saw her, he said "never."
Yo mama so witty, she could roast a marshmallow with just her sarcasm.
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
Remind me, who asked you?
Yo mama’s so fat, her wedding music was the jurassic park theme.
Yo momma so fat, the sign outside one restaurant says 'maximum occupancy, 512, or yo' momma!'
Yo mama so ugly she made stevie wonder flinch.
You're not as bad as people say, you're worse.
Yo mama so poor, she robbed a piggy bank.
Yo mama’s so fat, when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so fat, she caused millions of dollar property damage.
Since your head's so close to the sun, one would think that you would be brighter.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parents’ job.
Yo momma so short she can tie her shoes while standing up.
Yo mama so fat she needs two watches for two different time zones.
Awww...my middle finger likes you.
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why sonic runs fast.
If you were any slower, you'd be going in reverse.
We already think you're an idiot. You can stop trying to prove it.
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Yo mama so old, when someone told her to act her age, she died.
Yo mama so short, when she took a bath, she fell down the drain
Yo mama so rich, she has goldfish made of real gold.
I would agree with you but then we would both be wrong.
you are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
Yo mama so short, when she played mario, it thought she was a goomba.
I’d slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
yo mama's so fat, the recursive function used to calculate her mass causes stack overflow.
If you want a good comeback go wipe it off your mom's face.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gives freddy kreuger nightmares.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a cup and told the police she got mugged.
I don’t make mistakes. I date them and befriend them. If you like this clean good roast, you’ll also like these awesome tinder icebreakers.
I heard you were born on a farm. Any more in the litter?
Yo momma so fat when she went to the beach greenpeace tried to drag her back in the water.
Yo mama so stupid, she spent 20 minutes staring at a carton of orange juice because it said “concentrate”!
Yo mama so dumb, she thought high school was a school for drug addicts.
You’re so ugly you’d scare the crap out of the toilet.
Yo momma so stupid she climbed a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo momma so fat, she's got smaller fat women orbiting around her!
Yo momma so short she skates on an ice cube.
scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
I'd call you a tool, but that would be an insult to hammers and screwdrivers everywhere.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
Yo momma's so fat, when I said I wanted "pigs in a blanket," she got back in bed.
Yo mama so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Just because i’m smiling doesn’t mean I don’t want to hit you in the face.
Yo mama's so fancy, she eats cereal with a silver spoon.
I’d give you a nasty look, but you’ve already got one.
You so dumb, you think cheerios are doughnut seeds.
Yo mama so old her butt crack sealed.
Yo momma is so bald... You can see what's on her mind.
Yo mama jokes are old and overused, just like yo mama!
Yo mama's hair is so full of dandruff, when she shook her head, the principal called a snow day.
Yo momma is so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone.
Yo mama so small she’s mini-me’s mini-me.
Did you fall from heaven? Because so did satan!
Do yourself a favor and ignore anyone who tells you to be yourself. Bad idea in your case.
Yo mama so short she can do back flips under the bed.
Yo mama so old, when she went to the museum, she saw some of her exes.
Yo mama's so sharp, she can pop balloons with her wit.
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I’d give you a nasty look, but I see you've already got one.
Yo momma so dumb, she sent me a fax with a stamp on it!
If I throw a stick, will you leave me too?
Yo mama so tall, she out dunks nba players.
Yo mama so fat she sat on a dollar and when she got up there was 4 quarters.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw a clock out the window to see time fly.
Yo mama is so old that her birth certificate says "expired" on it.
You're like a broken pencil, pointless.
So nobody understands you.. It isn’t art but stupidity
You’re the reason god created the middle finger.
Yo momma’s so scary that the government moved halloween to her birthday.
Long story short, because you wouldn’t be able to follow with the long one.
Yo mama so beautiful, she could be a part-time supermodel.
Yo momma's so fat, her measurements are 36-24-26, and that's just her left arm.
The fact that someone wakes up to your face in the morning should be alarming. And yes, i’m referring to the mirror as well.
You are the only friend in our group who’s going to hell
Yo mama's so creative, she paints masterpieces with finger paints.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Yo mama’s glasses so thick, she can see the future.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You look like the before picture.
Feed your own ego. I’m busy.
Why are you rolling your eyes? Are you looking for your brain?
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an ipod, she made the ipad!
Yo mama so evil, when she played video games, she was the villain.
Yo momma so old, her driver's license got hieroglyphics on it!
I can’t wait to spend my whole life without you.
Yo mama so hilarious, even google couldn't find a better joke.
Just a little bdsm, and you’ll be facing god and saying what you’ve done.
Yo mama so caring, she knows your favorite ice cream flavor without asking.
I'm not gullible, I'm just optimistic about people's intentions.
Yo mama so fast, that’s why sonic said gotta go faster faster faster.
Yo momma so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Sorry, I don't speak stupid.
Yo mamma so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed "snow white and the 7 dwarfs."
Yo mama so short she broke her leg getting off the toilet.
Yo mamma's glasses are so thick she can look at a map and see people waving at her.
Yo momma so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a rainbow she made skittles.
Yo mama is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Yo mama so fat when she went on a diet she ended world hunger.
I want nothing out of you but breathing, and very little of that!
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
Yo mama so poor children from africa send her money.
Yo mama is so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Good story, but in what chapter do you shut up?
Yo mama so ugly, the whole world faked a pandemic to put a mask on her face.
Yo mama so fat in indiana jones she was the boulder.
Yo mama so fat she goes to kfc and licks other peoples’ fingers.
People like you are the reason god doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You're as useless as a remote without batteries.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
Yo mama's so fat that to get her through a doorway you have to grease the doorframe and hold a twinkie on the other side.
They say: “you are what you eat.” How much crap did you eat this morning?
Hey, I found your nose. It was in my business.
Yo mama so fat when she’s going on an airplane, she has to pay baggage fees for her butt.
Yo mama’s so fat that when she fell over, she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
I have to teach myself not to trust your stupid decisions
Yo mama so ugly, minecraft creepers are afraid of her.
I’ll try being nicer if you try being smarter.
Yo mama so hairy, she devours king kong.
Yo mama's so stupid she studies for a blood test.
yo mama so poor, she lives in the sewers with pennywise.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she thought a quarterback was a refund.
since your head's so close to the sun, one would think that you would be brighter.
Yo mama's so ugly, her mirror says "viewer discretion is advised".
Whenever we hang out, I remember that god really does have a sense of humor.
When you fell out of the ugly tree, you hit every branch on the way down.
I want to apologize for all those things I said about your mother not raising you right. I'm sure if she'd had planned for you it would have been different.
I’d love to insult you, but I won’t do as well as nature did.
Yo mama so stupid she uses old spice body wash to cook.
Marriage at a motel is more appealing than the likes of you. What are you, anyways? You look like a joint between a mutilated ape, and a visible fart.
Yo mama's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
Some people bring joy wherever they go. You, on the other hand, bring joy whenever you go.
yo mama so ugly, she was the bird box monster.
I don't want to brag, I finished the puzzle in under a week and it said 2-4 years on the box.
yo mama so short, she tried to date chucky.
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower her feet don't get wet.
You shouldn’t act hard-to-get when you’re already hard-to-like.
Your mama so poor when I asked her what’s for dinner she took off her shoelaces and said, “spaghetti”.
You're so ugly, they call you the exterminator, because you kill bugs on sight.
If I were a bird, you’d be the first person i’d poop on.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain it to you
Yo mama so old she rode dinosaurs to school.
I envy people who have never met you.
Yo mama is so dumb that she put on her glasses to watch 20/20.
Yo mamma so old her social security number is 1
Being a dick to me won’t make yours bigger.
When I stand close to you I can hear the ocean
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
Cry me a river, then drown yourself in it.
Yo momma’s so tall that she can peek into the future.
Yo mama so fat, when she wore a red dress, people shouted,” kool-aid man.”
You’re the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
“Check your lipstick before you come for me.” — Naomi smalls, rupaul’s drag race
You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers.
Yo mama so poor, she chases after the garbage truck with a shopping list.
I'm not saying you're boring, but even the snooze button finds you dull.
Yo mama is so stupid she took the puzzle back to the store because she thought it was broken!
Yo momma so ugly she makes blind kids cry.
I'm not sensitive, I'm just emotionally intelligent.
Yo momma’s so fat that when she got on the scale it said, “i need your weight not your phone number.”
Yo mama so nasty, she think the super bowl was an orgy.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
Yo momma's so fat, she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled "oil spill!"
Yo mamma is so fat, black holes get sucked into her.
Yo mama so fat when she goes into an elevator she has to go down.
You’re as strong as an ox. Just not as intelligent.
You need to try clothes at the store and look in the mirror before you wear things like this
You aren’t worth the dust that the wind is blowing on your face.
I would call you a retard but that would be insulting to retards.
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on an ipad she made a plasma tv.
Glad I could be of assistance. Allow me to assist you in never walking again.
You're just mad because your mom has a bigger dick than you.
Yo mama so ugly, when she threw a boomerang, it didn’t come back.
“Don’t get bitter, just get better.” — Alyssa edwards, rupaul’s drag race
Yo mama so poor she married young just to get the rice.
Large and in charge isn’t your excuse to be a fat asshole.
Yo mama so poor her front door and back door are the same thing.
Yo mama so ugly she turned three cannibals into vegetarians.
I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
Yo momma so old her first cruise was on noah’s ark.
Yo mama so old, her driver’s license got hieroglyphics on it!
Yo mama so nasty, I told her to do the robot now r2d2 have aids.
Yo momma’s so cold that she gives everyone around her frostbite.
My wife says I'm getting fatter, but in my defence, I've had a lot on my plate recently.
Yo mama so fat, the cops use her as a road block.
There’s no doubt about it. Your father should have pulled out earlier.
Yo mama so small she gotta slam-dunk her bus fare.
Your momma is so stupid she asked, "what is the number for 911?"
Yo mama so fat when she went to the circus the little girl asked if she could ride the elephant.
Yo mama’s so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a whole species will become extinct.
Yo mama so ugly when she picked up a toddler, the zookeepers shot her.
Do you hang all that toilet paper out of your house to dry it before you use it again?
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Yo momma so fat she fell out of the family tree.
Yo mama so old she still owes moses a quarter!
Yo mama so dumb, she thought lightsabers had less calories.
Yo mama so short, one drop of rain drenched her.
Yo mama so fat, snorlax evolves into her.
Yo mamma so old, her birth certificate says expired
I honestly thought about selling my kids on ebay.
Stupidity isn't a crime, so you’re free to go.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Yo momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama’s so fat that every time she turns around, it’s her birthday
Yo momma is so ugly even hello kitty said, "goodbye" to her
Yo mama’s so dumb, she failed a survey.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her and her parents!
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass.
Yo mama so stupid when I asked her to buy a color tv, she said, “what color?”
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to ride a red bull.
Yo mama so dumb, she put a watch in a piggybank and said she was saving time.
Yo mama so graceful, she could trip over a wireless network.
yo momma is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo mama so stupid that she thought star wars was a war for stars.
You’re so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
You’re about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
It’s okay if you disagree with me. I can’t force you to be right.
Yo momma is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see star wars, everybody screamed and said, "it's chewbacca!"
We were happily married for one month, but unfortunately, we’ve been married for 10 years.
Yo mama so stupid, when she saw the mcdonald’s drive-through sign, she drove through the building.
Yo momma so stupid, she tried to talk into an envelope to send a voicemail.
Next: 86 dark humor jokes
Yo mama so dumb, she went to the apple store to get a big mac.
Yo mama so fat she got titties on her back.
Yo mama so stupid, when she stepped on a scale, it said, “one person at a time please.”
Yo mama is so fat, she got baptized at sea world.
Yo mama so fat, she was arrested for breaking the laws of physics.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
I didn't want to say this in front of everyone, but your pants smell like a grease trap. I almost puked all through that period. Maybe you should call your mom and ask for new ones.
Yo mamma so fat she had to have a real horse on her polo shirt.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
The truth will set you free. You suck. Ok, you’re free to go.
Yo mama so fat, she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.
Yo momma so ugly she made the illuminati close its eye.
Yo momma is so ugly that when the kool-aid man broke through her wall he said, "oh noooo!"
yo mamma so old, her birth certificate says expired
Yo mama so tall, she tripped in america and landed in australia.
Yo mama is so ugly she couldn't even get a date on the calendar.
Yo mama so dumb, she waited for a train at my freakin playstation.
Yo momma is so fat miley cyrus uses her as a wreaking ball.
If you were any more clueless, you'd need a compass to find your way out of a paper bag.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was two tired!
I'm not vain, I'm just confident in my awesomeness.
You are the reason a bottle of shampoo has direction.
Yo momma’s so fat that I took a picture of her last christmas and it’s still printing.
Yo mama so fat, when she died, not even her ghost could float.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I would have farted.
Your nasty behaviour is the reason for your receding hairline.
Yo mama so old she knew mr. Clean when he had an afro.
Yo mama so american, captain america was jealous.
Yo momma is so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, "get the hell off me!"
Your family tree must be a cactus ‘cause you’re all a bunch of pricks.
Hey, your village called – they want their idiot back.
Yes, i’m fully vaccinated, but I will still not hang out with you.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
Yo momma’s so dried up that she’s like a dream deferred.
You deserve a hug...around the neck...with a rope.
Yo mama's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
Yo mama so old her social security number is 1.
Why are you giving me 100 missed calls? Is it a call to glory?
Yo momma is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
You're so ugly, your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you!
I’ve never had many life goals. I’m just really grateful i’m not you.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale, buzz lightyear popped out and said “to infinity and beyond!”
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
You’re so fake, barbie is jealous.
Yo mama so poor, she took the job at freddy fazzbear’s pizza twice.
Yo momma so stupid it took her four hours to watch "60 minutes."
If you're trying to be insulting, you're going to have to try a lot harder than that.
Oh, you don’t like being treated the way you treat me? That must suck.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I wasn’t born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel.
Yo momma is so fat her bellybutton gets home 9 minutes before she does.
You have diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
oh my god! It speaks!
yo mama is so old that she planted the first tree at central park.
Yo momma so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down!
Yo mama so clever, she makes einstein look like a kindergartener.
Yo mama so hairy, she’s got afros on her nipples.
You have an inferiority complex - and it's fully justified.
yo mama so short, she ice skates on an ice cube.
yo momma is so fat that when she saw a yellow school bus go by full of white kids she ran after it yelling, "twinkie!"
Yo mama so stupid, she sold the house to pay the mortgage.
Yo mama's so brave, she fought a bear with a water gun.
When I see you coming, I get pre annoyed. I’m just giving myself a head start.
Swallow your pride and your tongue while you’re at it.
Yo mama so ugly, the government decided to move halloween to her birthday.
Yo momma’s so indecisive that she wears her trousers rolled.
I'm not indecisive, I'm just exploring all my options.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
I hate you. All your calories go to your big head and not your body
Yo mama so fat, she’s miley cyrus’s wrecking ball.
My neighbor suntans topless, my wife is against it but I am on the fence.
Whatever doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
Your mom is so stupid I told her spring was around the corner and she went looking for it.
Yo mama is like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Can we normalize telling you that you aren’t so wonderful
Yo mama is so stupid that she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
Yo mama so hairy, she found herself in a cage at the zoo.
Louie armstrong would have never released “what a wonderful world” had he met you.
Yo mama so old, when she was young, rainbows were still black and white.
It takes me a lot of effort to smile when you’re around.
Yo mama so old the back of her head looks like a raisin.
Yo mama so ugly, she walked into a haunted house and walked back out with a job application.
I’m sorry for hurting your feelings, I thought you already knew you were stupid.
Here’s a tissue, you have a little piece of sh*t on your lips.
You liked your first chin so much, you added two more.
Hey, you have something on your chin... 3Rd one down.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Yo mama so hairy, baldi taught her in a zoo.
Honey, only thing bothering me is placed between your ears.
Yo momma so stupid she cut holes in her umbrella to see if it was raining.
I've heard my dog fart smarter things.
Don’t blame me for your stupidity. Take that up with your mom and dad.
You’re the reason the divorce rate is so high.
Yo mama so fat elephants throw peanuts at her.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
You’re so ugly the only dates you get are on a calendar.
you must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
I’m not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Please, keep talking. I only yawn when i’m super fascinated.
don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job.
Yo mama so ugly her portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama is so fat when jabba's guard pushed her into the sarlacc pit, it choked to death.
Yo momma so fat, if she got her shoes shined, she'd have to take his word for it!
Yo momma's so poor that she has to lick people's fingers when they come out of kfc!
Yo momma so old she left her purse on noah’s ark.
If I wanted a bitch I would've bought a dog!
it must be such a long and lonely journey when a thought crosses your mind.
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.yo mama so ugly that her pillows cry.
Your skin is glowing, but I think it’s from the radiation emanating from your toxic ass personality.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy, but other times I let her sleep in.
Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, "one person at a time please."
yo mama so ugly she gives freddy krueger nightmares.
You have enough fat to make another human.
Yo mama so fat she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.
You’re listed in who’s who as what’s that.
if ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.
Yo mama so confused, she tried to eat eminem the rapper.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the eye doctor to get an iphone.
Yo momma so dumb, it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
Yo mama so old, when she dies in call of duty, the player gets the five-person kill streak.
Yo mama so ugly, when she died the grim reaper refused to take her.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon.
Yo mama so fat, when she posted a naked picture of herself online, she literally broke the internet.
Yo mama so ugly when she watches tv the channels change themselves.
I guess if you actually ever spoke your mind, you’d really be speechless.
Yo mama so hot, she turned marshmello into a s’more.
Yo mama so small her best friend is an ant.
Yo mama so loving, she kisses your boo-boos and they instantly heal.
Yo momma has so much dandruff when she scratches her head people are like, "dang, is it winter already?"
Have a bad day sir
Yo momma is so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize we were in a competition to see who could be the biggest asshole. You're winning.
You have the face of a saint. A saint bernard, that is.
Yo momma’s so fat and old when god said, “let there be light,” he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Someday you’ll go far—and I really hope you stay there.
I'm not argumentative, I'm just passionate about being right.
Face like a slapped arse.
Yo mama so fat when she asked for a water bed they put a blanket over the atlantic ocean.
Yo mama so ugly, at the strip club people pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo mama so short she became ant man’s sidekick.
yo mama so old, she drives a horseless carriage.
The department of homeland security added your existence to the list of “natural disasters.”
Yo mama so fat, when god said, “let there be light,” he asked her to move out of the way.
I don't have the time or crayons to explain this to you.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
Yo mama so hairy bigfoot is offended.
Yo mama so skinny, she could get sliced by blades of grass.
Yo momma’s so evil that the devil sold his soul to her.
Yo momma so hairy when your father took her out to eat, the waiter said, “sorry, no pets”.
People like you are the reason i’m on medication.
Why can’t you be like other rom-com friends? You’re not supportive.
Yo mama’s so stupid she thought fortnite was fork night.
I’m sorry, was that meant to offend me? The only thing offending me right now though is your face.
Yo momma is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo momma so fat she sat on a quarter and squished a booger out of george washington’s nose.
Yo momma so dumb she sold her car to get gasoline money!
I like you just the way you are: uninspiring, uninteresting, and dreadfully unfunny.
Yo mama so old her memory is in black and white.
You're the kind of person who would argue with a signpost.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo mama's so lazy, she invented a robot to pick up her remote control.
Some people are like slinkies — not really good for much, but they bring a smile to your face when pushed down the stairs.
You're not the brightest crayon in the box, but you sure are colorful.
Yo mama's so technologically challenged, she thought a smartphone was a dumb person.
oh I'm sorry. Was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.....
Your life is the joke.
Yo momma so short when she sneezes she hits her head on the floor.
Yo momma’s so stupid that I saw her in a tree talking about how she was the branch manager.
Yo mama so hot, when she played mortal kombat, she turned sub-zero to scorpion.
I’m an acquired taste. Don’t like me, acquire some taste.
so, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
yo mama’s so stupid, when they said, “order in the court,” she asked for fries and a shake.
Maybe if you eat your makeup, you could be pretty on the inside.
somewhere out there, a tree is tirelessly producing oxygen for you. I think you owe it an apology.
If I was gonna try to guess your mom's nationality based on the color of her teeth, I'd say she's chinese.
You’re not glowing, honey; you’re basically bathed in oil
I am only friends with you for the drama
Yo momma so fat, her belly-button's got an echo!
I didn’t put garlic over my door because I think you’re a vampire. It just smells much better than you.
yo mama so ugly, people dress up as her for halloween.
Yo momma’s so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason dinosaurs went extinct.
Yo momma is so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and said, "where's my gumball?"
Yo' mama is so ugly, yo' daddy takes her to work with him so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama so fat even kirby can’t eat her.
You're such a loser.
Yo mama is so fat, she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for the new world.
your family tree must be a cactus, because everybody on it’s a prick.
Yo mama so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet santa he said, "go back to work!"
Yo momma’s house is so small that you have to go outside to change your mind.
Now here I am, a rale self-propelling double revolving snolly goster, ready to attack anything but a combination of thunder-lightning-smoke-railroad-iron, and hot water.
Yo momma so short she doesn’t have to open the door to get in the house.
Yo mama's so ugly, unwanted house guest doesn't go to her house.
Ahhh... I see the screw-up fairy has visited us again...
You’re the corner piece to an unsolvable puzzle: everyone looks right past you.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
I may be fat, but fat can be burned. Ugly, on the other hand, is much more difficult to fix.
Yo momma so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
You know what’s funny? Not you, so shut up!
You deserve to be loved… from a distance
Yo momma so crusty pizza hut is jealous.
Yo momma so dumb, she sold the house to pay the mortgage!
Yo mama’s so fat that when she died, not even her ghost could float.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
You look like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
I expected an intellectual conversation, but it seems there’s no one around to have that with.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
Yo mama so fat she has to put her boobs in the back seat to drive.
Yo mama so fat, half of her is in a parallel universe.
Yo mama so stupid she stared at an orange juice carton for 20 minutes, because it said ‘concentrate’.
Aww, don’t worry, you are wanted…wanted for several accounts of perjury.
You do realize we tolerate you.
Yo mama so stupid she put a watch in the piggy bank and said she was saving time.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?76. No matter how much a snake sheds its skin, it’s still a snake.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
Yo mama so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
yo mamma so fat, when she jumped up, she got stuck in the air!
Ur mom triple gay
Yo mama is so fat she walked past the tv and I missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat she leaves footprints in concrete.
Yo mama so ugly, when ice cube saw her, he melted.
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
Yo mama so slimy, her blood type is swamp water.
whoever told you to be yourself, gave you a bad advice.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps the bridge breaks.
A balloon full of piss makes a bigger splash than your entire meaningless existence will on this planet.
Yo mama so stupid, for gender reveal she birthed early
You’re not stupid! You just have bad luck when you’re thinking.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
I have a present for you. I present to you: absolutely fucking nothing.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
It would be best if you didn’t have an accent, you were in france for two days
yo mama so stupid she thought chicken strips was a strip club for chickens.
Yo mama so dumb, she goes to the post office to send an email.
“What, like it’s hard?” — Elle woods, legally blonde
Yo mama so lonely that she buys hot dogs and nuts wishing she could have sex with them.
Yo momma so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, the reflection ducks!!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
If you’re going to wait for me to care, I hope you brought something to eat—because it’s probably going to take you a really long time.
Yo momma so old she owes jesus a quarter.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Yo mama is so poor nigerian scammers wire her money!
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
yo momma's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
Yo mama so ugly when the devil saw her he started going to church.
You're like a broken clock, right twice a day, but still useless.
Yo mamma so stupid she tried to put m&m's in alphabetical order.
Yo mama so poor, ducks throw bread at her.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Yo momma so short when it rains, she’s always the last to know.
I gave out all my trophies a while ago, but here’s a participation award.
Your brain has two parts—the 'left' and the 'right'. On the left side, there's nothing right. On the right side, there's nothing left.
Somewhere out there, there's a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
I'm not bossy, I'm just better at making decisions.
Yo mama so stupid she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out.
When they said grow a pair, they didn’t mean for you to have kids.
Yo momma so old, her birthday's expired.
Yo momma so ugly when she entered an ugly contest, they said, “sorry, we don’t allow professionals.”
Yo mama so bald, you can see what’s on her mind.
Yo momma's got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
I would roast you but my mom told me that I'm not allowed to burn trash.
Yo mama so poor I went through her front door and ended up in the back yard.
Yo momma so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said “moving.”
Yo mama so scary, even voldemort won’t say her name.
yo mama so ugly, when she saw her reflection, it said,” I quit.”
Yo mama's a smellyfungus
It must be hard putting makeup on your two faces.
Yo mama so classy, she puts a monocle on her selfie.
you must think you’re strong, but you only smell strong.
Yo momma so fat I took a picture of her at christmas and it’s still printing.
Yo mama so fat that her yearbook picture was on page 20, 21, 22, and 23.
Yo momma so dumb, they had to burn down the school to get her out of second grade.
Yo mama so hairy people wonder why she wears a fur coat to the nudist beach.
yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why scorpion said, “stay over there!”
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in.
Yo mama so old, when I asked her where she was born, she replied, “the primordial soup.”
Good job. You almost reached a level of coherency resembling my newborn son.
You’re the reason nobody likes you.
Yo momma is so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, "what are you doing?" And she said, "I'm moving."
Yo mama so small she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo mama's so resourceful, she could charge her phone with sheer willpower.
Stop acting like a flamingo.
My boss told me to have a good day.. So I went home.
Yo mamma was so ugly, your dad got a husband
Yo momma’s so tragic that she sings about the june rebellion.
Your momma’s so ugly she’s the reason why waldo is hiding.
Yo mama so small she can do limbo under the door.
the middle finger should be your motto for life.
Yo momma so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
I think i’ve seen you before, but i’m pretty sure I had to pay admission last time.
For you, a fool at 40, remains a fool forever.
Do aliens exist? Wait that's a stupid question, I'm looking at one right now.
The series of mental backflips I had to do to try and understand your point should have broken my neck.
Yo mama house so small, you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yo momma so hairy bigfoot took a picture of her!
Yo mama so fat, she’s a map on call of duty.
Yo mamma so fat she doesn’t skinny dip, she chunky dunks.
You’ve got less meat in your pants than there is in a vegetarian restaurant.
How does darth vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Yo momma’s so stupid that she thought dunkin’ donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so short, you can see her legs on her driver’s license photo.
Yo momma so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo mama's so strong, she can carry all the groceries in one trip, even if it's an elephant.
Yo momma so stupid she got locked in a motorcycle.
yo mama so ugly your dad got a husband
Hurting you is the least thing I want to do… but it’s still in the list.
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on a quarter a booger came out of george washington's nose.
yo momma is so poor for christmas she took a box, put two sticks on it, spun it around, and said, "here's your xbox 360."
Yo mama so old, her first zoo trip was to the garden of eden.
I pity your significant other. They must have their hands full
Oh geez. It's a flying butt.
You mama so fat she uses the highway as a slip and slide.
When I stand close to you, I can hear the ocean.
If pigs could fly, your mom would have wings.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
How many licks till I get to the interesting part of this conversation?
Yo mama so karen, she went to your school to teach home school.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon!
Yo momma’s so lazy that she’s got a remote control just to operate her remote.
Yo momma’s so nasty that I called her to say hello and she ended up giving me an ear infection.
The only work-life balance I want is being away from you.
On your mark, get set, go f*ck yourself!
Yo mama so fat, she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for their new world.
Yo mama is so black, she doesn't even have white blood cells.
May you always step on a wet spot after putting on fresh socks.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
My alone time is meant for your safety.
It’s okay if you don’t like me. Not everyone has good taste.
Yo mama so fat, I printed a picture of her last christmas... It's july, and it's still printing.
Your momma so ugly bob the builder said, “i can’t fix that.”
Yo mama so stupid she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind.
You are without a doubt the worst pirate i’ve ever heard of.
You have a face for radio and a voice for silent movies.
Isn’t this a battle of wits? You appear to be unarmed.
Yo mama so old, she knew gandalf before he had a beard.
Yo mama so ugly, she is the reason why monsters hide underneath the bed.
your mama so stupid she put two m&ms in her ears and though she was listening to eminem.
Oh, i’m sorry. I didn’t realize my happiness makes you so miserable.
You’re so fat you could sell shade.
Yo mama so fat, she gets group insurance!
Yo mama so ugly when she was born the doctor saw her butt and then her face and he said, "it's twins!"
Yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven.
Yo mama so smart, she solved riddler’s riddles before the riddler finished saying them!
Are you always an idiot, or just when i’m around?
Yo momma is so ugly she turned medusa into stone.
Yo momma’s so ugly that when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, “sorry, no professionals.”
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn’t find the “call” button.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
you mama so ugly when she took a selfie the picture said “censored”.
Yo mama is so fat when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, “sorry, we don’t do curtains."
2 Words, 1 finger. Do the math!
The underworld is brighter than your future.
Yo momma so fat she uses the 101 fwy for a slip 'n' slide!
If you put your face by a door, no one would ever come in.
Yo momma so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
I'd say that you're funny but looks aren't everything.
There’s only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half—i don’t want two of you around!
Yo mama's so fat, when she sat on a rainbow, skittles popped out!
Yo mama so lazy she woke up from a coma and went to sleep.
You’re so far up your own ass you can lick your tonsils.
Yo mama so nimble, she can dodge raindrops.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the physco path.
Yo mama so fat, I took a picture of her last christmas and it’s still printing.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you’re just abusing the privilege.
Your mama so old when she went to the museum, the mummies took selfies with her and said dayum!
I don’t want to rain on your parade. I want a typhoon.
Yo mama so fat her belly button gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Don’t place your self-worth in other’s hands. That being said, allow me to redirect you to the discount section. I found a spot for you.
Yo momma so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through.
Yo momma's so fat, she got baptized in the pacific ocean.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
Yo mama so old, when she was born, the dead sea was still just getting sick.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
Yo mama is so short … you can see her feet on her driver’s license!
Yo mama so fat she has two watches; one for each time zone she’s in.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dentist to get bluetooth.
If you want jokes then you just made one. Ha ha
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would you?
People like you are the reason I work out.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are kfc.
Yo mama so poor she waves around a popsicle and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mama so fat, when she crossed the road people mistook her for a roundabout.
Yo mama so fat half of her is in a parallel universe.
Yo mama so fat, her splash attack does damage.
I only take you everywhere I go just so I don’t have to kiss you goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly, she made an onion cry.
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "call" button.
Your mama so poor I asked her if I could use the bathroom and she said “just pick a corner.”
Hi! I'm a human being! What are you?
Yo momma's so fat, that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.
Two antennas got married.. The ceremony was ok, but the reception was excellent.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that. I don’t speak bullsh*t.
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason sonic runs fast.
If you could smell you, you wouldn’t be friends with you.
yo mama's armpit is so hairy it looks like she has bigfoot in a headlock.
Yo mama so skinny, when she takes a shower, she runs around just to get wet.
You're the reason they put instructions on shampoo bottles.
You’ve been trying to get your summer body since two winters ago
Yo mama so confusing, even scooby doo couldn’t solve that mystery.
I took the shell off my racing snail thinking it would make him go faster, if anything it made him more sluggish.
Yo mama so ugly, when she watches tv, the channels change themselves.
Sorry, your an idiot.
Yo momma's so fat, when she jumped for joy she got stuck!
Yo mamma is so hairy when you were born you had carpet burn.
Someday you’ll go far. I hope you stay there.
I'm not high-maintenance, I'm just worth the effort.
If you want to be loved, go to tinder
Yo mama is so old… she has an autographed bible!
Yes, your mom was selected to house the very first para-olympics... And you won. :-)
You cause joy whenever you go.
yo mama so poor I saw her running after a garbage truck with a shopping list.
Yo mama so stupid she studied for a drugs test by taking all the drugs.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
Yo mama so fat when she burped new orleans thought katrina had come back to finish the job.
Yo mama so stupid, when she went on a diet, she ended world hunger.
Why wouldn’t the shrimp share his treasure? Because he was a little shellfish.
Yo momma so ugly the terminator said, “ew, I won’t be back.”
Yo mama so fat, when stepped on the scale it said, ‘to be continued.’
Like a bulldog licking piss off a thistle
Your momma's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo momma is so fat if she does jumping jacks in high heels she will strike oil!
Let’s go to the zoo. I’ve always wanted to meet your family.
You bring everyone a lot of joy…when you leave the room.
Whatever’s eating at you… must be suffering horribly.
I'm not rude, I'm just not fake.
Your face is fine but we’ll have to put a bag over that personality.
Yo mama so american, she sued mcdonald’s for selling french fries.
Yo mama so fat that when aliens came to invade us they said, "wow! Two planets in one."
I like the way you comb your hair, so horns don’t show up.
Yo mama so poor the birds throw bread at her.
You’ve got something on your face. No, not there—everywhere.
Yo mama is so fat that black holes try to escape her.
Yo mama so fat darth vader couldn’t even force choke her.
You mama's so fat her splash attack does no damage.
Did you know your incubator had tinted windows? That explains a lot.
Yo mama so ugly her memory foam mattress wishes it could forget.
Yo mama is so fat, when she pressed the up button on the elevator it went down.
Sorry, I can't put small objects in my mouth or I'll choke.
It's better to let someone think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Yo mama so dumb when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality.
Take that mask off, halloween isn't until october
Yo mama so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
I may love to shop, but I will never buy your bull.
Yo mama so stupid she was yelling in her mailbox and when I asked her what she was doing, she said, "sending a voicemail."
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
No, no, I'm not insulting you! I'm describing you...
You know, you're rather amusingly wrong.
You’re the type of person that uses their 3rd grade research paper as a resume booster.
Yo momma’s so old that her birth certificate says ‘expired’ on it.
Your mama so fat she’s a citizen of every country.
Yo mama so stupid, she studied for a covid test.
Yo momma's so fat, she fell into the grand canyon and got stuck!
Yo mama is so hairy… that bigfoot tried to take her picture!
Yo mama so ugly even aliens won't probe her.
Your eyebrows look like eagle’s wings
yo mama's so talented, she could win a karaoke contest on mute.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your mama's so fat her shadow weighs 30lbs.
If stupid could fly, you’d be a jet.
If you were a body of water, you'd be a kiddie pool.
Well, the jerk store called and they’re running out of you.
The next time you shave, could you stand a little closer to the razor?
You didn’t just fall out of the stupid tree, you were dragged through dumbass forest.
You're such a try-hard.
I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth.
Yo mama so skinny, she uses her fingers to pick a lock.
Yo mama's so short that she trips on her tampon string
Your absence would affect me greatly. I’d finally get some peace and quiet.
Yo mama so old, she knew burger king when he was a prince.
Yo momma so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth!
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people in the world.
yo mama so fat that when god said, "let there be light," he told her to move out of the way.
yo mama so fat, she takes selfies in panorama mode.
I’ve been called worse by better.
Yo momma's so stupid, she steals samples from stores!
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale it read my phone number.
If you’re going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
Yo mama so ugly, her face could stop the juggernaut in the marvel universe.
I’m busy, you’re ugly. Have a nice day.
Yo momma is so black, she got marked absent at night school.
Yo momma so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
I'm not saying you're ugly, I'm just saying you have a face only a mother could love.
Yo momma so fat her favorite food is seconds.
Yo mama so fat, her school pictures were taken by a satellite.
Shut up, you’ll never be the man your mother is.
Your mama so fat every time she turns around it’s her birthday.
Yo momma’s so strict that she enforced a curfew for the entire neighborhood.
Yo mama so fat, she fed an entire zombie apocalypse.
your mama is so ugly that when I told her to do the robot, r2-d2 got herpes.
I thought you were attractive, but then you opened your mouth.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Yo mama so fat she fell out of the bed and broke it.
You could play  arnold from ‘hey arnold’s
I'm not sure if you're a genius or just really good at pretending to be one.
Yo mama so fat, nasa thought she was a freaking planet.
we all sprang from apes, but you didn’t spring far enough.
You’re kind of like rapunzel but instead of letting your hair down, you let everyone down in your life.
You seem to have a lot on your mind… a lot of bullshit.
Yo momma’s so clueless that she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo mama's so small, she uses a dorito as a hang glider.
Yo mama is so stupid, she wanted to cancel a hockey game due to ice on the field.
What, like it’s hard?
Me, jealous of you? Bless your delusional heart!
“It looks like she went into claire’s boutique, fell on a sale rack, and said, ‘i’ll take it!’” — Bianca del rio, rupaul’s drag race
Every time I think you can’t get any dumber, you are proving me wrong.
You're so fat.
No amount of self-editing can fix the massive failure your autobiography would be.
Yo mama's so dumb that she was on the corner with a sign that said "will eat for food."
i’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
Ola soy dora. Can you help me find where we asked?
your momma so ugly the dog closes his eyes when he humps her leg.
Yo mama so small she plays soccer with atoms.
Yo mama so tall, people thought she was the statue of liberty.
'M busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
The good books say to make good friends, but I think I made a mistake
Yo mama so old, she used to babysit apocalypse in the marvel universe.
Yo mama's so tall, she did a backflip and kicked jesus in the face.
Yo momma so ugly her reflection said, “i quit.”
Yo mama so stylish, she could turn a trash can into a fashion statement.
Stupidity is not a crime, so you’re free to go.
It is better to shut your mouth and make people think you are stupid than open it and remove all doubt.
Keep talking. Who knows, someday you might be able to say something intelligent.
Yo momma’s so scary that she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back to her.
I just farted. That’s as close as you’re going to get to me giving a sh*t.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
Yo mama so strict, when she grounded you from playing fortnite, she banned all the players.
Yo momma so fat you could slap her butt and ride the waves.
Yo mama so ugly, she turned medusa to stone.
You have the personality of a wet mop.
You're the reason aliens won't talk to us.
yo mama's so poor that ducks throw bread at her.
Yo momma so poor she can’t afford to pay attention.
May your life be as pleasant as you are.
Yo mama so fat not even superman can lift her.
Yo momma's like a bowling ball. She gets picked up, fingered, thrown in the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
Two wrongs don’t make a right. Take your parents, for example.
Yo mama is so skinny that she only has one stripe on her pajamas.
You didn’t change since last time I saw you. You should.
Don’t be sorry for who you are!
Yo mama so stupid, when she heard it was chilly outside, she ran and got a bowl.
I'm not distracted, I'm just easily entertained.
Don’t hate me because i’m beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to sizzler she got a group discount.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says 'to be continued.'
Yo mama's so fat when she went to in and out she couldn't get in or out.
You’re a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.